Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
I really need to get to bed.
I want/need a Bob Marley poster.
Why the fuck are you getting mad for no reason
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
I LOVE U <3
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
The feeling is entirely mutual. CONGRATS! Now, time to bask in a job well-done.
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
7 massive SportsRadio 1250 signs absolutely necessary? Or is GE's memory so poor he needs constant reminder what station hes on
To our good friend who suffered a bad knee injury, get well soon sir :)
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video! Yay work!!!
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
The joke's on you if you don't know your jokes are gettin old around here.
your CD's probably over the ocean today!! lmao!
It was nice meeting you at Citrus!
Focus. Focus. Focus.
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
its not lol
not here. It's beautiful
I missed you anyway ;)
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
Oh, the DayTimer...
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
Paula! Paula!
thanks for joining local
excuse me, miss?
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
Good Night Bros!
We haven't registered yet but we are planning on it! Looking forward to it and thanks for the follow! :)
you will be awesome. I wish we had all planned to go as a class.
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
Whatever lol!!!! same here can't complain
: Can't wait to come back to the UK to promote it. Always feels good when it's week of release x
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
Gettin late here in LA. Going to call it a night. See you guys in the morning!
thank you ! I saw it on jusgo <333
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
relax, BREATH I love you<3
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
Worst day:(
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
The feeling is entirely mutual. CONGRATS! Now, time to bask in a job well-done.
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
watching here in Los Angeles!!
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
I love and miss so much!:) please come back i need one last hug from you!:)
okay its fine! For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
follow back? (:
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
Subway session with
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Choking the chicken
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
How about a follow lovely ? xx
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
"What's new pussycat?! Can you dig the satisfaction?!" From the song,"Thunder Kiss 65" by White Zombie
tell her keith us gonna be there.
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
What do i get my wife for her very first #Mother's_Day ??? any #ideas ???
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
hey stud
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
What does Social Media mean to you???
big up
Thanks for the mention! How was your experience?
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
I Just Like To Drink And Have Fun. Blah
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Right on!
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Google Wave Dead to All Except Chrome Users
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
oh hay girl ;)
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
Twin Platinum Guns Son aimed at the sky Ice on my bullets u dies soon as I pull it.
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :-/
thank you!!!
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
Why Wud I Be MAD??
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
mama needs some 'me time.'
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
of course!
I want to be international singer like my beloved but I want to go to America, she is my idol to follow :) :) :)
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
The Thing could put up a fight.
yes Pirates start this friday .
black in america
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
hey love
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
Check the meaning of 'poster boy.' That term doesn't in any way fit into this discussion.
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
Happy Mother's Day to all of the great mothers out there
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
For those of us who aren't in CHI, any related readings?
who knows? I know one that want make it to the game.
thank you for the mention :)
Mac won't turn on properly ever. It wouldn't turn on at all today after OS X update. 8am Apple Store slot, I'm on my way. :(
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
Some guys know all the right things to say. 
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
In #band with and aka my buds :)
I left 2 balls up. If not having 2 balls drop means you can't handle your shit then never gonna get blazed.
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
I am majorly bummed out.
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundry!
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
FOLLOW HIM
explanation.. NOW!
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
that's great :)
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
gonna be a fun mom
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
Some things are better left unsaid
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Please follow me u r an inspiration and an amazing singer! Now everyone go follow Alyssa NOW!
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
"Study for learning and understanding." - Absolutely, the word, "exam" is taken out of the directive - process is +
you stealing my fallowers. hop of.
Unless you're into that
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
what up
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
Thanks to everyone who took the time to audition for "The Glass Circle" on January 28th.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
wutz good i got a neo soul joint im working ima send you a snip..so let me know wut you think..
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly - and drunken - days of old
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
Reading that Wired article now...wow.
rip spring break.
ha she also just left a note in Lazy Janes' comment book:'dear LJ, your pancakes are the best but just need a dash more sugar'
i'm fine thanks you?
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
"a thin partition divides wit & madness. Poetry therefore naturally addresses the fancy..." -Wollstonecraft, I hate to say
what's up neighbor? Have a great day!
Snow day in Seattle!
What a shame that the auto place is right next to the mall ;)
if u were to follow me that would make my day so so much:))) 11:11
I like the green myself, or black.
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
black in america
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
Watching That's So Raven with and
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
Can't wait to try it
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
Aw no. More craziness to ensue. Haha. What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
It's Friday!
Thank you! Love my flowers!
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
I think it's funny how my cat is bigger than my dogs...
so were you stay at
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
Last item eggnog panna cotta w/ balsamic raspberries
wine > margaritas |||| cinco de wino
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
There's something in you. U just have to look within
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
U R welcome and Happy NY
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Was sad we finished Flash Forward. Why the hell did a show this good (and LOST-ish) get cancelled. I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
S/o to Nick young for hoopin in his red foams. We hoop in our shit
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
ok it will never happen again
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
lets build.
Ain't nobody like you.
I found the spoon I lost last night....
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
I can only watch romantic movies hii LOL nd im so serious!!
that's great news!
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
Im off Saturday
...some really big hands ...lol
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
If you say so.
TNAU sets up multimedia lab - Hindu Business Line
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
thanks for the RT!!
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow Rising 9th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas Power Forward 6'5
I love
And what exactly are you reading?
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
Check out the Foundation Center for good research tools.
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
thanks for the shoutout
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
As a joke x]
Flawless, love. <3
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 5
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
lol duly noted but still hahaha
Thanks for coming by Drew! Hope you enjoyed yourself.
WAIT. so Tom was just a cop, and when the railing fell he tried to protect Justin but Justin misunderstood and fought back??
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
Not every man really lives.
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
She sexy, she fine, she say she love me, I know she lyin', we stay fuckin'....from time to time...
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
long live those fashion quotes
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
get em Jake!
I wish all yall were like she was
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always be there everytime and loyal..
Dude this guy just flung himself off the building of the restaurant I'm eating in. Omg! And he's still breathing!
Great to be here in San Antonio. Looking forward to a great
: Can't wait to come back to the UK to promote it. Always feels good when it's week of release x
In #band with and aka my buds :)
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
you know me so well bruh :)
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
i feel like im interupting something. lol
i got the hang of it now, i love it!
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
Incredible Ice Hotel In Sweden Open only since mid-December till mid-April
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
We better burn while your out here dude!!
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
it IS my weekend! :)
Oh Mosley must need $
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Do you even need to ask? ;)
I've been on a purple kick lately too. Must be in the air!
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
Colorforms are about to play
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
not so bad ;)
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Why are they called pig tails and pony tails? Why not "she always wears her hair in lion tails?" #deepthought 
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
im cool B) follow me?
that's great news!
and I thought you were doing it in honor of brown dog day!
#27 jason from both(:
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
Count your blessings
Need to bring Woodson back
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
which I read first in the Detroit News. Got any original reporting to offer?
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
yes Pirates start this friday .
Its weird that im up at 6 lol anyways good morning loves may god bless you all and have a good day :)
WooHoo! Just stocked up on Corona! It was on sale for 2.99/6pk!
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
#FF welcomes aboard new follow and support his event on April 21st. We are! See you there!
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
Nothing in the works. Seeming like a quiet summer for shows.
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
hi there :D
The One That Got Away played on the radio today & I automatically thought of dancing to it:)
I just made a RAINBOW SADDLEPACK!!! with 5 pockets for the Busy Dogs!!!
you promised me the moon and stars..
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?! OMG
I had sent a card requesting a meeting with Governor Pickens, who was also staying at the hotel, and was awaiting an aide.
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
No be mad at me..
still gonna see it anyway!
get me one!!!!! Thanks hey!,
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
Super cute!
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
Promising book; then saw authors using only NYC, Philadelphia and Boston as representative of "key patterns" in urban form; no thanks
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
I really wanna go swimming....
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
As you plan your yoga practice this week, remember that new students get a free week here at East Village Body Shop..
I love these days (:
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundry!
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ;) I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. 
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
Another double today #$$$
Good morning good tweeples
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
Didnt think it was normal for street lights to be on during the day.
Thanks for the follows everyone!!!
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
Bumping tew the motto :)
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
chill soon
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
#27 jason from both(:
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
i love you so much
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
you promised me the moon and stars..
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Please add new sponsors apps more!!!! I really need it to unlock paid apps!!!
we need to go to a show together.
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
Thanks for coming by Drew! Hope you enjoyed yourself.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
where i live the people are like messed up! haha
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
Rain, fabulous rain!
aha thanks guys.
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
S/O to hard work pays off!! #nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
You got it buddy
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
I followed her please tell them :-)
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
Cry about it. People obviously LOVE her music and you bitching via Twitter won't stop her from singing.
what's next?
Hope to see you all tonight celebrating #Disability_Awareness_Month with for #Murderball, 4:30pm at Herron!!!
Rt 100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations.... 272-1003
3rd & Final Question for the day:Yelena Andreyevna, who was once played by Laura Linney, is a character from what Chekhov drama?
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
Celeb in the house! and !
should be Kellen Moore if he's still available.
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
Everywhere affected by the fall of the Berlin wall, the us sent soft political aid to form democracies, parties, candidates.
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
Windows are open and for the cats this is the MOST EXCITING DAY.
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Lakers better not get blown out again
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
their extra storage is "magical".
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
THANKS MY DUDE !!
Tomorrow will never come, have you not noticed that??
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
What happens when the gods get to actin like the broads
Watching That's So Raven with and
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
hoes dese days. Nasty, she gave me
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Carbo-loading all morning
agreed. bit of "shock value" there. similar to email is dead. but, agreed, dynamic, ever changing and fun!
CocaCola #CEO in address to Economic Club of Chicago: US growth will come via golden triangle of business, government & business.
that's sucks so bad, you better come in and see me still!
hey tweets
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
If two people can be lovers and friends at the same time,they have a complete relationship..
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
I want an app that let's you make apps
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
Well another colt player gone our center Jeff Saturday sign with green bay packers you always been a true colts center ands thanks :)
Yes phone works.
Thank you. My grandfather isn't taking it well... and so there is a lot of worry mixed in.
I need a shower radio so I can listen to while getting ready for my day.
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
What a putt by Lefty.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Jayne-would love to meet. Sara- Am i preppy, hipster, or preppy hipster? Sometimes even I forget...
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
it IS my weekend! :)
hey stud
You can't please all mf's
Hey ! Killer
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
College bathroom graffiti is just a whole other level of play. Highschoolers, get ready to step your game up. These are the big leagues.
whats up bro?! Hoe are you?!:) Grettings from Croatia (Europe):)
Why does Daniel Sedin's player pic look like he's on Bubble Vision ?
their extra storage is "magical".
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
My heart was taken by you, broken by you, and now it is in pieces because of you.
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
explanation.. NOW!
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
is that a real dog?
I really need to get to bed.
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
where you at bro?
There's something in you. U just have to look within
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
Flawless, love. <3
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
Tonight from 5-7:30 join us for a special Yoga workshop, focusing on partner yoga for labor and delivery.
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
Scandal Time Twits
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
I gets get my dick licked lol
thanks a lot bro.
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Late night #Phillies game, #Flyers not til Wednesday! Guess I'll catch up on the DVR for a few hours. What first-Coms or Drams?
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
Vanilla! :P
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
love that show.
lol yea I have admit that I do
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
It's all about the 212.
its my goal idk why
r u slangin chickens that r slangin Hawks lol
Watching longest yard!(:
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
excuse me, miss?
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
gonna be a fun mom
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Probably threw a helmet at it RT : shit looks like Brett Lawrie crashed my site again
Happy Thanksgiving my love! xo Hannah & Hope
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
I just want to get this over
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
playing the piano in the dark >>>>>>
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
you ride?!
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
Hey ! Killer
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
changed me twit name... i was feelin it
what? where:D
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
thanks for your great help on the commerce_payflow_pro module. (more so thanks for picking up my slack)
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
": Goodmorning!! RT : Good morning tweet peeps.."
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
oh my god have fun!
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
will try. Thx.
shoutout to my haters, obvi you couldnt phase me.
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
I hope that means you n drizzy are finally puttin out a song haha
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
Follow organization!
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
you here ? Happy padres game!
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
so i just saw one of our tweets made it into 's favorite and we thought he forgot about us . <3
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
I just started watching Mad Men so I finally get your picture. I spent many a tweet wondering who that was
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
thx! Any fun plans?
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
When did I become an analyist? Don't get me wrong I love crunching numbers & creating data visualizations as much as the next guy, but....
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
email us at
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
PLEASE! :D
Awesome! I'll give you a rang a dang here in a few to get deets
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Amen. I'm mostly surprised that amazon did the overdrive deal in first place and skip over libraries already.
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
Be the father of my kids please
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
Hope to see you all tonight celebrating #Disability_Awareness_Month with for #Murderball, 4:30pm at Herron!!!
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
#idiots piss me off
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
I miss you-_-
Made it onboard, but barely. DEN to PDX. Farewell #drupalcon! Good luck to everyone at the sprints!
at the sapient party on the rooftop with seats and plenty of room!
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
Need to bring Woodson back
With over 300 events planned for Pittsburgh Craft Beer Week, it's now expected to bring ONE MILLION dollars to the local economy.
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
can't wait...
look as this gay ass fool
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
It is too hot
you're so welcome!! :)
Yes sir
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
yeah she does
I think it's funny how my cat is bigger than my dogs...
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you. Andy Rooney
Helped out at circ desk.
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
not so bad ;)
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
Wat yo silly ass up to
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
Yes phone works.
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are DATING? Wow! Amazing
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
ePUBs are the best!
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
... and thank you for the follow!
so curious looking..
I know how u feel, some ppl @ my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
naughty boy Matt
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
My shoulders sore AF
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
don't even think about that shawnie!
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
I hope we get a good turn out tomorrow @ TryOuts. We'll be having my b-day party there.
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
I wish all yall were like she was
So proud of my sister
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
sick life bro!
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
Now Following Baqk (:
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
Seeing today with braces was the cutest thing I have ever seen.
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
which I read first in the Detroit News. Got any original reporting to offer?
watching here in Los Angeles!!
can't wait to hear what you dig.
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
ha sounds about like lex. Snowed yesterday and was 60 today.
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
sorry , is a bit of a better product. i can sync multiple Google Accounts with it. nice try though.
I was a cold dude I'm gettin back to my ways (drake v
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Mad Graffiti Week Iran
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
The part with the aliens was intense.
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
Monday morning, already?!
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
oh my god have fun!
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
I like the green myself, or black.
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
Headache all night but that doont stop mee.
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Ain't nobody like you.
Choking the chicken
Last item eggnog panna cotta w/ balsamic raspberries
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
you look like your a little tired in your picture,are you getting any rest.
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
whatever that was doughty, nice.
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
What does Social Media mean to you???
i do follow
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
Tech colleges report increase in 'transfer hopeful' students. What will #infolit needs be as they transfer into 4 year college?
Who is gonna win tonight? Rangers or Yanks
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
Can't wait to try it
Just saw this Jackie. How awful! Prayers for your family!
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
SO JEALOUS! Sometimes I just sit & stare at pics of my goodbye toad in the hole. I wonder how well cheese straws travel?
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
Steelers game moved next week to late game
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
I found the spoon I lost last night....
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
wa i miss you.
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
the 80s are back baby!
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Defense wins championships.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
i'm fine thanks you?
You Bomb Like Atomic <3
thank you for the mention :)
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
hey boo how you been You okay?
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
": Cookout anyone" Birch was there
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
lol duly noted but still hahaha
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
lol oh well
I need 5 mahomies to be in the video! Just say what you want to say to him, so i can finish it (:(:
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
You got it buddy
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
Certainly understandable. Love the idea though. Will be fun to follow
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
Exiled Books
Great time of year for incarcerated Jews to reflect on their lives & what they've done. They're all capable of change if they're willing.
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
HIPPOPOTOMONSTROSESQUIPEDALIAN - ...Why is this a word in the English language.
I totally did miss it LOL. Read too fast.
No be mad at me..
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
Animal Farm is such a great book.
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! O
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
hey I just met you!
RT : Hate being at work? Vomit on your boss' desk.
isn't that crazy!?
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
Wat yo silly ass up to
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
man, that Canadian reggae musician who sings "Informer" is just EVERYWHERE today
On set in the woods tonight ... horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
are you going to have another twitter party?
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Happy Birthday !!!
Greatness never sleeps
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
come and get it from us.
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
I'm coming for you.
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
New runner alert. Thomas Wolf just joined the #DNation Milwaukee family! Welcome Tom!
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
You are welcome!
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
Listening to DMX at 3:30am just cause I can
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
chill soon
Some girls are like summer, no class.
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
that's the jam right?!
Great time of year for incarcerated Jews to reflect on their lives & what they've done. They're all capable of change if they're willing.
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
these lyrics are pretty overt metaphors. i'm thinking change in marital status. anyone else?
look as this gay ass fool
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
i know this made me laugh so hard
Mississippi = GOP governance result: High poverty rate, horrible health care, horrible public education, low wages...
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
I soon i get internet again and i dont have to use my phone to get on twitter i will follow my new followers back! That's a promise!
almost, our project will be out this summer.
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
i feel like im interupting something. lol
rip spring break.
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
I missed you anyway ;)
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
Ash no me quede al partty :/
so am I haha
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
he got a ring a ring though
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
send it to my email, u have it.
hey stud
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Good lord! Lol!
making me proud, McDreamy!
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
Well. Freshman year is officially done.
Just signed up for MLB app. Got our tickets for #Nats games. Let's play ball!
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
Do we need to keep referring to"gay rights"? Let's just call it what its - human rights.
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
no problem!! hahahaha
what's the plan bro
Ain't nobody like you.
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
Is there LINK to the "Lobbying for Architecture" infographic? I loved it, but received it as a PDF...
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
#peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
you know it is...
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
is it we found love?? I love that song!
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
i'm fine thanks you?
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
Congrats to Joel Ward and the #Caps for knocking off the mighty #Bruins!
wa i miss you.
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
I also think the book-centric focus shows how every panelist has both a DH work & a trad. book linkage - crossover feel
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
do you miss me yet?
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
you mean "tweet"ering ?
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
Need to get my day started, got to get me some coffee!
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
Avoid using abrasive tooth powders, salt, tobacco, etc. for cleaning the teeth.
Ca State Superintendent Tom Torlakson - "The HRSA SBHC grants reinforce what educators know: good health contributes to student success."
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
Guess who is dressing up as Kitty Pryde on a Tuesday night?
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
Happy Labor Day everybody.
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
what's next?
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
siri stop acting like pierre mcguire
gonna tease my hair today (:
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
A good use of schema.
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
So cool to go to a town you've never played in and have new friends singing along from the beginning.
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie. I love Sandra Bullock <3
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
3rd & Final Question for the day:Yelena Andreyevna, who was once played by Laura Linney, is a character from what Chekhov drama?
G'night :D
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :-/
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
we need to go to a show together.
hahaha yeah buddy!
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Dear #chicagotraders No, I don't actually think you could teach a room full of third graders. But it would be funny to watch.
thanks for watching!
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
explanation.. NOW!
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Frontera grill = only redeeming part of ever having to go to O'Hare.
You will get one soon!!:)
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
New #avi #time were we goin
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
Steelers game moved next week to late game
that's akin to saying the US rejected something based on how California voted...
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
make that two pieces.
UGK hold up
thanks " NEVER. RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?."
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
I hope .. We will see
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
u kno it girl
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
nice have fun
lol yea I have admit that I do
imy seeing you're ass too ! but i didn't make it ); fml.
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
What happens now? Do we animorph?
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
I want an app that let's you make apps
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
This muthafucka #rkelly had the studio staff running around LA looking 4 a lifesize mirror that he could record in front of
Good morning!
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
e!! That sounds sketchy !
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly - and drunken - days of old
Congratulations on vocalist of the year!
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Are you here? Make yourself known. Shout out the #FreshCoastClassic on #twitter. We want to meet you!!
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
Feeling creative... Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments. Lol
Healthy Halloween Snacks: Cereal bars, low cal pudding, 100 cal packs, sugarless gum, microwave popcorn, raisins, hot cocoa mix, mini cereal
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days! Time to finish it off tmr.
rip spring break.
no waiting go get it
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500+ person-pede? What has this world come to?
Sex Scandals Are Good For Business! Herman Cain Raised A Whole Lot Of Cash Yesterday via
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
The Thing could put up a fight.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
nice have fun
you're great I admire you I'm your big fan
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
congrats on becoming the newest member of the tampa bay bucs. Good thins happen to great people
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
MY bad, these 140 characters lol....and maybe the wine lol...
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
long live those fashion quotes
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
New Products at CinemaCon 2012 - Film Journal
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
Ugh, don't remind me.
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
don't even think about that shawnie!
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
I think i passed out for like 30 min and broke my glasses in the process
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Come see my sketch show, "SummerCaliNarcissisticSexpelalaDouchUs" tonight @ 10 pm @ Strait Jacket Theater, 6470 Santa Monica Blvd, 90038!
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol. And they're apparently running out of money.
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
thank you!!!!
that's great news!
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
I dont have any patience :/
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
FOLLOW HIM
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
time to rap! :]
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
#FrostBank has THE BEST customer service. I highly recommend them to all of my #Texas friends.
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundry!
Hey guise(:
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
come and get it from us.
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
A relationship without trust is nothing. so if there's no trust, then there's nothing. right?
go to sleep
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
": Cookout anyone" Birch was there
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
Thank you! (:
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
Hate it when relationships change
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
You know you're a badass when you can make #Finland look like a great place to visit! Touch
will try. Thx.
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
mama needs some 'me time.'
no ego here, well maybe a little
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
where you at bro?
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
i know this made me laugh so hard
Windows are open and for the cats this is the MOST EXCITING DAY.
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
I'm real scared to wash my car. There might suddenly be rain showers in the forecast .......
RT : "There will be so many times you feel like you've failed. But in the eyes... of your child you ARE Super Mom."
do you miss me yet?
Got to do something!!!
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
yeah & Arie Crown Theater
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
Can you see the show from where you're at?
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
+1 ": The truth is, is a heck of a human being. Lucky to have him in #MNLeg."
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Mountain dew white out is really good
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Shrek is to trippy right now
As a joke x]
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Patriots all the way!!!!
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
I just need too get out and talk...
thanks for the RT!!
Congrats to Joel Ward and the #Caps for knocking off the mighty #Bruins!
Like really
can't wait...
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
#27 jason from both(:
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
woooahhooo the sweetest thing
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow Rising 9th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas Power Forward 6'5
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
Yes sir
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. 
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
haha busted shhh it's a secret.
when ed has an orange mic
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
his first attempt is next year. He will get accommodations but I am nervous. :-(
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
todays been a little rough..
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
What a putt by Lefty.
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Vanilla! :P
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are DATING? Wow! Amazing
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
Im going to email you some info
Hey ! Killer
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
oh hay girl ;)
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
We were born to be happy, not to be perfect <3
I know! Wtf
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
hey I just met you!
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
Very Jewish. I'm reform. He's way to the right.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?! OMG
what's the plan bro
Reading the content of the future is tricky. My inner eight ball says "unsure"
dude, you're Alec Baldwin!
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
My shoulders sore AF
There was a whole lot of "ew" in last night's episode.
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
Watching a live demo of #sidevibe via #gotomeeting with #jkuglin Scott Fearnley, and Drew Murphy. Amazing!
Do you even need to ask? ;)
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the right thing to do.
Patriots all the way!!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
I just want real love.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
I have so much to do.
IS CHINESE FOOD REALY "CHINESE FOOD" ALTHOUGH ALL THE PPL IN THE KITCHEN MEXICAN?! HA' #SHOUTOUT TO THE MEXICANS!
 Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish. Quintilian
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
Go see Megachurch tonight at
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
aye watch your mouth lol n hell yea
": Goodmorning!! RT : Good morning tweet peeps.."
The Thing could put up a fight.
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
look as this gay ass fool
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
Rudy is the only boyfriend my mom has ever liked <3 awh mom likes ma babehhh
hey love
...some really big hands ...lol
no waiting go get it
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
How do you feel about NATO?
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Bumping tew the motto :)
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing? Looking at pageant dresses... EPIC FAIL.
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
I'm not going to be able to make it tonight, sorry, I know you looking forward to me being there. #mohrstories eeeww hey buddy!
Y do fat bitches wear clothes even skinny girls shouldn't wear?? Half cut shirts and shid??? >__<
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
Good stuff. Get inspired!
almost, our project will be out this summer.
States have made progress: better data, improved access, increased awareness, and long-term sustainability
Big east champs
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
Can't wait to try it
Hey Babe! How are you? Haven't chatted in Forever! xoxoxo
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
Looking for more beats?!...
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Good Afternoon Y'all.
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
Me and Cody broke up
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
I hate getting prank calls -.-
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
Couldn't they just air #RAW on the TD Garden jumbotron?
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
2 gms in Indiana,they have a shot as long as the Miami refs don't travel
It's time for the Knicks to win a championship
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
i love you so much
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
no problem!! hahahaha
Luol Deng makes the All-Star team. It's about time. Well deserved this year.
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
What a putt by Lefty.
I hope that means you n drizzy are finally puttin out a song haha
HIPPOPOTOMONSTROSESQUIPEDALIAN - ...Why is this a word in the English language.
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
I honestly don't think you will have any problem winning the Shorty awards <21 :D
Good Night Bros!
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
Colorforms are about to play
Yes- I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab... and makes a hell of a drink /cc
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
Staying up late and can't sleep.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
Ash no me quede al partty :/
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 9
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
bahahah your welcome x)
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
Got my new youtube channel! Check it out JilianEMcLendon
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
On the road!
Should I do the no shave november?
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
of course!
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
woooahhooo the sweetest thing
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
Be tremendous.
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
Thanks, Rob!
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
Thanks for that info.
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
lol oh well
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
which I read first in the Detroit News. Got any original reporting to offer?
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
cause I was showing you how it could be worse:)
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Thanks for sharing, Chris.
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
Also baking blueberry-lemon mini cakes for said cocktail party.
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
u go check on that chese bread!
what are u doing ?
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
that & I'm a year older, so more freedoms ! :) haha :p what time is where you are?
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
you're so welcome!! :)
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
Aww that's so sweet :)
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
amateurs... this girl got an A!
all you need is #jackdaniels. Bing fries are done!
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
mama needs some 'me time.'
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
Thanks for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays. Best, Matthew
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
In the end family is all we got . Keep your head up and I love you <3
send it to my email, u have it.
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
fuckkkkkk being single.
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Catering Holiday Events www.patrickscatering.com
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
Choking the chicken
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
#27 jason from both(:
This muthafucka #rkelly had the studio staff running around LA looking 4 a lifesize mirror that he could record in front of
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
RT : can I slap u too?  < lol I don't see why not..you wouldn't be the first person to do it...
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
bring back David please!
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
There's something in you. U just have to look within
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
Dude, still waiting 4 the game. Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend? I'll try.
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
CocaCola #CEO in address to Economic Club of Chicago: US growth will come via golden triangle of business, government & business.
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
Never cook naked.
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
#Comfortfood : Lunch Special: Homemade Meatloaf, Mashed Potatoes & Side Salad, comes w/ any Draft for $10
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
Vanilla! :P
you're great I admire you I'm your big fan
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
Glad you're set up with an account again - sorry for the trouble!
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
- the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came.
Incredible Ice Hotel In Sweden Open only since mid-December till mid-April
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome! Gifts indeed.... prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
Body Aching And Shit !
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
100 emails down, 100 more to go!
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
lol I hear u
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
Lakers better not get blown out again
For those of us who aren't in CHI, any related readings?
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
.I'd even take Letterman at this point. The Oprah/Uma thing wasn't really that bad.
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
I dont have any patience :/
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
Haha, my friends have a great taste in music!
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
Sound terrifying.
do you miss me yet?
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
Been studying for the past 3 hours. Thank goodness the girl called me at 9pm last night to tell me she could NOT work for me this morning!
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
Today was quite lovely.
Crystal told the teacher to call her dragonfly. Weird ass bitch
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
saw that - I smiled How nice to be at church ahead of time for services - and i figured Joe was washing dishes!
send it to my email, u have it.
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
oh that's right you live way out over there.
looks pretty much over to me
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com & saved 10% THANKS :) keep it real
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
can't wait to hear what you dig.
Big east champs
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
No matter who's buying, I'm a celebration Black and white diamonds, fuck segregation
I like the green myself, or black.
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
Certainly not certain.
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
U R welcome and Happy NY
I love these days (:
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Happy Friday, stay classy !
oh that's right you live way out over there.
I know! Wtf
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
RT : Create your FREE Basic Membership to StartingUp Now Skillcenter to connect, share, and market your business ideas. Go...
Ringo's Mexican food count on this trip now up to 5. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
imy seeing you're ass too ! but i didn't make it ); fml.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
I need 5 mahomies to be in the video! Just say what you want to say to him, so i can finish it (:(:
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
I can never listen to Adele without thinking about
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
I LOVE LIFE<3
no not really
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
you ride?!
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Animal Farm is such a great book.
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
Lets pause a moment in our political wars and remember an American icon-Dick Clark died today at age 82. RIP
We better burn while your out here dude!!
get me one!!!!! Thanks hey!,
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
i feel like im interupting something. lol
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ;) I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
#27 jason from both(:
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
Subway session with
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
Vanilla! :P
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
ATTENTION! We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription (Val. > $1600). DM me if interested. PLS RT.
RT : Keep ur back safe when bending down: Bend the knees, bend from the hips, keep ur spine lined up.
haha. damn you! ;)
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
CocaCola #CEO in address to Economic Club of Chicago: US growth will come via golden triangle of business, government & business.
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
tell her keith us gonna be there.
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
I'm so sleepy
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
I love you MORE PAY !
Wat yo silly ass up to
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
I wish all yall were like she was
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc. so we can share them with everyone!
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards! It's going to be funn :D
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
RT : can I slap u too?  < lol I don't see why not..you wouldn't be the first person to do it...
They ain't givin the Heat no kinda fouls!!
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
Congratulations on vocalist of the year!
Let me ease your minnddd
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
Never cook naked.
zoo date with ?
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
: Lol. You're welcome sweetie :))
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video! Yay work!!!
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
It was awesome! Lots of excellent ideas. Will be posting a status update for the rest of the group soon.
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
no school :) doing #nothing all day
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
always do!
That site is amazing.
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
Oh my goodness! I'll definitely be praying for your dad sweetie! You take your peace by force and trust God w/all of it!
The interstate in this weather >>>
Good Afternoon Y'all.
Shrek is to trippy right now
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
at the sapient party on the rooftop with seats and plenty of room!
I'm not sure..
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
I have so much to do.
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
i'm fine thanks you?
#Heat targeting
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
Hey ! Killer
I totally did miss it LOL. Read too fast.
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
I'm working on coming to terms with the fact that, what society deems "comfortable" i call borderline frigid.
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
i'm fine thanks you?
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
They ain't givin the Heat no kinda fouls!!
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
with who?
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
#Blazers 46-44 over the #Nets at halftime. Wallace: 4 points, 6 rebounds for NJ. Aldridge with 14 points. Only Blazer with double digits.
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
hAPpy with my test :) And that's a wrap on U.S. history.
changed me twit name... i was feelin it
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
Exiled Books
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
Had my second mean green juice. This one not so bad. Playing with a juicer is fun!
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws, ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video! Yay work!!!
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
whatever that was doughty, nice.
yup, just watched this.....yup....
On fire!
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
where i live the people are like messed up! haha
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
I gotta find it.
It was delightful to meet ! I kept his water glass full and made sure he cleaned his plate at dinner. /
M rain.
There's something in you. U just have to look within
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
Wow... really got a lot on your mind, there. lol. Wanna talk about it??
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.
Dear Migraine god - please back off for the next 2.5 hours while I teach. Is wearing sunglasses while teach taboo?
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
gonna be a fun mom
The Village People lied to me
Sound terrifying.
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
the guy at camera store used a film box to open and rewind my (apparently) torn film.
thanks for sharing great news about #yoga!
Game about to kick off. Excited to see Josh Wolff back in KC. We need this win tonight. Should be an exciting game
not much help for homeowners with foreclosure sale dates looming....
Jones: "99% of large employers still offer health benefits to our workers" #nasi2012 "Not all take it, but we offer it."
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Need to bring Woodson back
My pleasure!
Can't wait for Summer! 
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
wa i miss you.
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
whoa buddy only one man has a a backhand and can play the net well.
rip spring break.
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
hey I just met you!
Now all we need is a first home-run.
i'll be there (:
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
Jones: "99% of large employers still offer health benefits to our workers" #nasi2012 "Not all take it, but we offer it."
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
looks pretty much over to me
how old are u
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com & saved 10% THANKS :) keep it real
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends.
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
Meeting adjourned!
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
Can people even see my posts??
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
i feel like im interupting something. lol
thank you!!!!
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
I just made "Steakums" for the first time, that's the weirdest looking meat I've EVER seen...and tasty! Go protein...
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
weed and fuss around in the garden so I'll have some pics too!
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Got to do something!!!
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for $150.00. WOW!
Ohh okk good then, I was starting to get sad lol. I followed you, you should def follow me back!!
Hey guys!, we updated our shows on our Facebook come see us! And is coming up soon!
Somehow that is awesome.
when is it coming out
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
It was either the flames or my blazing speed!
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
I want to play tichu
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
explanation.. NOW!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
when is it coming out
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?! OMG
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
Smh I need my dang shoes
Show on Friday at South Minster!
word of the day: 'Recovery' yes? no? maybe so? :) Have a wonderful Thursday Ashley <3
Go see Megachurch tonight at
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
Herah! It's the week end. I got to sleep in!
Peyton is making new music. new videos and possible an ALBUM !? ahh i absolutely cannot wait<21
Everyone Go Listen/Download My New Beat On Sc "The Empire" Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
Yep, that's me! It wasn't Days of Heaven, it was Far From Heaven.
We got to see it too! So cool!
The rain won't stop..
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
i'll be there (:
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
Very catchy I love the synths!
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
Aw no. More craziness to ensue. Haha. What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
come and get it from us.
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
Leaving work. Berkley Front tonight!
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
What happens now? Do we animorph?
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
Avoid using abrasive tooth powders, salt, tobacco, etc. for cleaning the teeth.
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
:) hope you made it by!
Was sad we finished Flash Forward. Why the hell did a show this good (and LOST-ish) get cancelled. I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
You ever been to Mansfield?
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
Looking forward to #TEDxHuntsville tomorrow. Big change from my first event in 2009.
I just want someone with good taste in music.
Time to watch my Sex and the City
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
Don't find a fault; find a remedy. - Henry Ford
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
Seriously!? LUCKY!
.I could sleep on the floor in my work clothes. Every year it gets worse:-). -- Maggie Kane () I USED to feel that way too
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
hi there :D
Popped the lenses outta my 3-d glasses.Now there Nerd glasses bitch!haha
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
send it to my email, u have it.
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
Good Night Bros!
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
I love how we used to shop during class.. I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree. I would be top student! I miss you
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
Happy Birthday!! I'm going to make sure I tell you this everywhere I can!
One of the most thrilling final 4-5 minutes of an NFL game. Alex Smith has officially arrived. What took so long?
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
ur so welcome n thank u
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
I'm still on fall back time! Couldn't sleep ran 2 miles on my tread & watched Brick City-LUV IT! Integrity=
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
Snow day in Seattle!
.I'd even take Letterman at this point. The Oprah/Uma thing wasn't really that bad.
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
I am majorly bummed out.
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
Flawless, love. <3
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Thanks for the mention! Hope your day is great! Mojo Marketing
Just gave the Main Branch Library some copies of Sherman Alexie's book to give to teens after their program tonight!
cant wait to break this thing in
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
they were in red! Jennifer, I agree if we get gold they'd do it at The Grove, which would be AMAZING!
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
Why Wud I Be MAD??
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
where you at bro?
RT Twitter has become the 2nd screen: not just for televised events but for any event~Twitter CEO Dick Costolo at
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
Lakers better not get blown out again
Do only that which is right. Period.
Can you see the show from where you're at?
Q5: Thoughts on Danica Patrick's recent deal w/ Coke? If you're a big brand, what's the attraction to someone w/ one career win?
RT : Ain't it crazy how people that don't know you will support you more than the people that do?
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
that's akin to saying the US rejected something based on how California voted...
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
My pleasure!
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
Happy Monday! We'll be in the #designdistrict today 2-6pm. Look for us around NE 39st and @ Ave...
text me
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
oh wow! Gotta keep the ass and tits covered Wtf?! There goes keeping the kids focused! ;)
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
Being the best I can be...
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
Hey friends. You will NOT be able to get into our 21+ red carpet event if you don't RSVP. Please RSVP to thanks!
remember the great feeling you felt when you clicked the "follow" button? No, maybe it was just me, anyway, I've lost that feeling.. so sad!
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Waiting on this good pizza though
My 1st period teachers lights are randomly turning off um.....
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
chill soon
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
zoo date with ?
do you miss me yet?
We all need somebody to lean on
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
Haahaa:D i dont .(: im use to wearing shoes
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
I can only watch romantic movies hii LOL nd im so serious!!
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
": I learn enough by watching you play! Where do you jink my skills came from?" I'm making copies of this
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
A brand for me, what is my unique value proposition?
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Enjoying my day off at the beach relaxing.
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
thank you!!!
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Thx for the RT - have a great weekend!
thanks for all the Austin restaurant advice. Looking forward to seeing you live on stage soon. cc
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Wat yo silly ass up to
Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the right thing to do.
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it! Lets go.
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc. so we can share them with everyone!
 Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish. Quintilian
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
Gordon Setter
haha. damn you! ;)
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
lets build.
Week off of work but not a week off of work.
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
Long 20 minutes ahead.
Yes! It has been months. MONTHS.
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
You got it buddy
look as this gay ass fool
That site is amazing.
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
looks pretty much over to me
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
My shoulders sore AF
I am so glad someone thinks that other than me!
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Bring Back Ringer I loved seeing back on tv
right on!
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie. I love Sandra Bullock <3
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
I miss you-_-
I was trying not to.
yea we did i was driving crazy tho shit i dodged like 3 possible accidents lol
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
PLEASE! :D
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! O
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
Looking forward to fall, O-M-G...anyone want new fall MUST HAVES? Visit Justfab.com! Need a referral link? Ask and you shall receive! <3
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
Well that defiantly deserves a #awkward lol
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ;) I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
thank you for the mention :)
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
"A Russian nesting doll situation?!" Oh Schmidt, I love you : )
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
where you at bro?
Man this is so ridiculous. I cannot wait for this party. FRIDAY PLEASE HURRY!
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
ePUBs are the best!
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
love it!
but your name is blondie?
Mountain dew white out is really good
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
what's up??
Choking the chicken
Ugh I want to go to cedar point, but I have dance competitions the next two weekends -.-
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
My colleague Maria Gde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
Well that defiantly deserves a #awkward lol
&#39;Uprising&#39; documents role of hip-hop in L.A. riots
Finding it hard to believe is celebrating her 25th anniversary, she must have started at age 3. Congrats!
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
": Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar? #randomthought" I do.
"Successful midwest companies are embedding special services into products to make them better." Rick Mattoon
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
I want to play tichu
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
No be mad at me..
of course!
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
#idiots piss me off
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
I'm coming for you.
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
no problem!! hahahaha
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
Be the father of my kids please
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
or subliminally fitting
Playa's Club is on Repeat ( the movie )
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
i love you so much
oh lawd! lol Breath through your mouth....nix that...breathe through your ears! lol
Not to discount tampa's surge...but when the goalie mask comes off...the whistle is supposed to blow. BS goal.
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
she's a back seat driver all right.
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
look as this gay ass fool
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Instead of 'famous', my japanese teacher says 'famurrs'. AWH
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the right thing to do.
Aw no. More craziness to ensue. Haha. What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
"Pay no attention to what the critics say... Remember, a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic!" -- Jean Sibelius
came through clutch sir
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
": appearances are not simply the cheerleaders for the football team of essences"
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
I swear, there's some jaded people out there who only reply to tweets with something negative to say.
Thanks, Kate! I'm always happy to take requests, too. The newer and/or weirder, the better.
dude, you're Alec Baldwin!
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
I don't think so
The cats love the little bridge that goes over the fish pond. Gives them a better view.
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
Serven is now shutting down --->
I gotta to get it even if it's in the worse way that cake like its my birthday
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
What a putt by Lefty.
congrats on becoming the newest member of the tampa bay bucs. Good thins happen to great people
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
i'm fine thanks you?
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
Snow day in Seattle!
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
what's up??
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
I like the green myself, or black.
Seeing today with braces was the cutest thing I have ever seen.
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
It is too hot
looks pretty much over to me
I need a punching bag to let go all my anger!
no problem!! hahahaha
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
Words to live by. RT : #nothingwrongwith wearing white after Labor's Day
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
black in america
In A Rush one if my fav tracks!
Subway session with
I wish pop
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
love u too<33
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
Big east champs
When girls are in love they come up with every excuse to cover up what they bf do....smh
A professor of mine keeps using the term "over-exploitation" and its making me rage
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
I'm coming for you.
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
What a putt by Lefty.
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
Day of Silence. Not talking the whole day.
Abraham Lincoln: "If you intend to go to work, there is no better place than right where you are."
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Me and Cody broke up
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
Steelers game moved next week to late game
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Greatness never sleeps
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
what's up??
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
// Hi Rebecca. Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
Chk My Upcoming Shows <----
so curious looking..
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
And of course, I mean "Cleaning the slate for #septembeard"...not "cleaning the skate"...
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
let's get a drink girl
any tips on capturing a room using 123catch?
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
Promoting the natural history museum, City of LA features 3 dinosaurs. Won the Crown City Innovation award.
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
A good use of schema.
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
not much help for homeowners with foreclosure sale dates looming....
you ride?!
Where are you anyways?
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
what up
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
bring back David please!
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
How are you Anik?
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
sweet, my dad might not come to my high school graduation.
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
haha. damn you! ;)
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
who fell down the hill
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here, and it feels like I deal with ALL of them on a daily basis
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
LA is my fav place on the world!
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
If you say so.
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
: OH. LOL east coast?
Great article, thanks. It's really interesting to see how all these things go down.
no idea
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
i do follow
Im going to email you some info
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
how is it going?
love u too<33
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
Laundry room change machine. Why do you hate me?
Come out and see us. We'll be at McGovern's in San Mateo tonight at 10.
RT : Looking forward to #AskArchivists Day on June 9--ask us about digital preservation & personal archiving! Use
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
Good news. Wiggle on.
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
You will shine like a star if you live with integrity, humility and purity.
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
hey boo how you been You okay?
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
where have you been ;-)
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
RT : Can't sleep
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
Jus left the fam... Headed to the in-laws
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
And what exactly are you reading?
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
we need to go to a show together.
Tip: If you have a lot of skeletons in the closet, refrain from running for political office.
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
No be mad at me..
Check your email....Thanks!!
Damn . That nigga know my number by heart ! Lol
u know it!
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan. Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
You ever been to Mansfield?
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
tomorrow will be devoted to words, mark my words.
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
excuse me, miss?
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
we need to go to a show together.
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
"a thin partition divides wit & madness. Poetry therefore naturally addresses the fancy..." -Wollstonecraft, I hate to say
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
Heading up to Fisher for end-of-day hors d'ouevres (arranged by #badassrobert) to wrap up part 1 of this energizing
Rain, fabulous rain!
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
Does anybody know of a good remedy for a sinus infection? Other than "Don't get a sinus infection in the first place", of course.
going to hulu.com
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
Bumping tew the motto :)
Can't wait to try it
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
On the hunt for a San Diego Elvis impersonator. Would need him for a few hours one morning for potential TV spot w/ air-time. DM for deets!
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
black in america
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
Can't wait to try it
Had my second mean green juice. This one not so bad. Playing with a juicer is fun!
Choking the chicken
": I'm black from the waste down. #bigschwanky" I believe it- family resemblence and all
ah, just reminded me to schedule workouts as diligently as I do the rest of my life--I did walk the beach 2x over the weekend!
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
In #band with and aka my buds :)
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
I hope had a stinkin awesome graduation weekend! Glad I got to celebrate w/her at least for a little while ;)
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
Great last night!
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
no one danced?
Or said a prayer. It took me a while to swallow that pride after 17 years of being a "Christian."
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
morning! We're scheduled to close tomorrow when you coming up? lol
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
baby I want you so bad ;)
#Movember RT Tim Thomas' mustache is threatening to replace Thanksgiving as the best November tradition.
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
why didnt u wake me?
the football fight was awesome
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
you got some nice work man. Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
... and thank you for the follow!
come early tomorrow :(
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
Wat yo silly ass up to
BB: Zadra doubles down the left field line! 6-5 Stars, with DU making a pitching change. O'Dell batting with 2 outs, Zadra on second.
New theme song for Desire 2011: "Hello, I lube you, won't you tell me your name!"
Oh, the DayTimer...
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
It's all about the 212.
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
they killed it as usual.
Thanks! I low that guitar! -Grant
how is it going?
it's beautiful :)
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
Thank you to and for the RTs!
... and thank you for the follow!
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
hey tweets
omg girl I have to tell you some stuff I heard today ....
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
Day two of ignoring him...
Mother nature playing with us lol
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
S/O to hard work pays off!! #nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
Yes phone works.
RT Twitter has become the 2nd screen: not just for televised events but for any event~Twitter CEO Dick Costolo at
Best quote of #TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, "astronauts just biological cargo." re: spacex
Our La Jolla gig fell through. We're now available to play May 21-29 in So Cal. Chinese buffets, hospital, schools, weddings. Any takers?
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
#prayforreysa oh God i wish she will be fine O:)
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
Never cook naked.
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
long live those fashion quotes
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
New #avi #time were we goin
text me
relax, BREATH I love you<3
Damn that sucks
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
the breakfast of champions!!!
#27 jason from both(:
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
Good news. Wiggle on.
Cheers to neighbors!
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
Yes, we are doing rush for all remaining performances, $20 cash, while seats last!
that & I'm a year older, so more freedoms ! :) haha :p what time is where you are?
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Do only that which is right. Period.
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
chill soon
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
I missed you anyway ;)
That's awesome =)
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
Unless you're into that
send us an email to we'll see what can be done
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
Boston is on fire right now!
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
Colorforms are about to play
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
what's up neighbor? Have a great day!
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
left wing. I played in an all-male league, and I was literally the only girl. It was so fun!!
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
#idiots piss me off
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Most Americans use between 100-175 gallons of water a day. How many gallons of water a day do you think the average Haitian uses?
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
It's all about the 212.
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
#ff the sexiest Aquarius ever!
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
that's great :)
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
Getting antsy...it's really tough to go running when you're in a walking boot
making me proud, McDreamy!
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
you promised me the moon and stars..
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
yes! My son is so much cooler than half the people I know! :-)
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
congrats on becoming the newest member of the tampa bay bucs. Good thins happen to great people
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
Another double today #$$$
I just want to get this over
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Patriots all the way!!!!
Bumping tew the motto :)
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
seriously. what would i do without all the stupid people in the world to amuse me. i appreciate you guys!
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
Hey! We need to get coffee sometime! I have some stuff to run by you guys thats really awesome :)
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
that fricking dog is at it again.
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. 
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
lol, that would be hella funny.
I love these days (:
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol. And they're apparently running out of money.
must be cause Mac's Southern Dem hasnt bought into Liberal Socialist philosphy of Obama Admin
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers. <3
The Kings are making the Blues their Queens. I'll be here all night. Actually, I'm going to bed.
I dont have any patience :/
Follow organization!
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
Good news. Wiggle on.
What I would give to be in Toronto or Gatineau right now!
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
#niners game tonight! Get your $1 #drinks with the Bartab crew tonight!
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Flawless, love. <3
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
Thank you! Love my flowers!
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
u go check on that chese bread!
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
where have you been ;-)
like a boss
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
Go get one then! Haha
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
My colleague Maria Gde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
I know how u feel, some ppl @ my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
About 40 here, and a touch rainy. It's not snow, but on the bright side, there is no ice! =)
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
JUST SHUT UP ND LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!! STOP BEING A BITCH
in programming, the simplest mistakes always seem to be thr most difficult to realize.
Its clarity is a blessing.
i feel like im interupting something. lol
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
PAD tv see ew
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Being the best I can be...
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
Looking forward to fall, O-M-G...anyone want new fall MUST HAVES? Visit Justfab.com! Need a referral link? Ask and you shall receive! <3
hey boo how you been You okay?
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
so i just saw one of our tweets made it into 's favorite and we thought he forgot about us . <3
At a talk with and
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
LA is my fav place on the world!
its my goal idk why
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?! OMG
no waiting go get it
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
Big east champs
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
vegan cheesecake looks delicious. can't wait to try the recipe.
No be mad at me..
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
shower of shite
great new avi!
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
you know me so well bruh :)
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
Is messing around on Twitter when she really should be doing other things.
Ugh, don't remind me.
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
what a tune
Bumping tew the motto :)
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
Vanilla! :P
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Thanks for the love!
The Thing could put up a fight.
I found the spoon I lost last night....
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
Omg this is so hillbilly
hey I just met you!
Happy Thanksgiving my love! xo Hannah & Hope
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
Festival of Trees at The Paramount starts Nov. 27 at 9:30 with Children's Magical Toy Story Christmas. Tickets $5 at the box ofc.
glad you liked it. Much more to come. Stay tuned
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
Pres is a hot mess!!
RT : Just like we abandoned Michael, we abandoned Whitney when she needed us most
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
awesome, I am so glad you like the books. they r pretty cool. :) thnk u for looking!
I LOVE LIFE<3
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
Don't find a fault; find a remedy. - Henry Ford
The Michigan Difference
AT UNLVino at Bally's!! Lotsa wine and chicks!
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Rain, fabulous rain!
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
Lol! Have I been summonsed?
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
Finna get on my level before the night begins
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
hi there :D
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Thanks! I low that guitar! -Grant
Count your blessings
Ugh I want to go to cedar point, but I have dance competitions the next two weekends -.-
Samsung Electronics reports record profit - Mainichi Daily News
On fire!
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
no one danced?
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
what's next?
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
Helped out at circ desk.
i should never second guess myself on waiting for the bus. ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE BUS. same amount of time as walking and you're not tired.
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
The Thing could put up a fight.
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
My Phone Need Love.
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
Don't let that guy get to you,WHEN your show gets picked up,you'll have the last laugh!
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
I hate the MBTA
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
Focus. Focus. Focus.
rip spring break.
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
On a serious note...shut the hell up
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
explanation.. NOW!
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
thank you!!!!
thanks for check n that out
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Bumping tew the motto :)
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
Thanks for that info.
can't wait...
hAPpy with my test :) And that's a wrap on U.S. history.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
Lakers better not get blown out again
CocaCola #CEO in address to Economic Club of Chicago: US growth will come via golden triangle of business, government & business.
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
Count your blessings
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Nothing is more expensive than a woman who's free for the weekend, in Chicago lol!
I'm just not sure if I care to read it & I don't want to prejudge just in case. Will refollow soon...you kill me!
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days! Time to finish it off tmr.
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
too awesome :)
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
I just had someone get so angry with me when I pointed out the fact they were a Gen Yer, not Gen Xer. Guess he didn't like the rep of Gen Y.
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
I have a beautiful team :).
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented with access to emergency contraception
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
up its arse!
Thanks for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays. Best, Matthew
My 1st period teachers lights are randomly turning off um.....
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
Crowd looks pretty good tonight...perhaps fireworks night every home game??
Im going to email you some info
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Lakers better not get blown out again
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
Ugh, don't remind me.
I gets get my dick licked lol
I have so much to do.
thought I'll Have Another too far out at 19, nice job : Good effort by Went the Day Well, but a little too late.
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
Bored af! Nobody to talk to.
Stock market tech stocks: #1 in Insider Sales this week is Salesforce.com CRM. Time to take profits in CRM!
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
will you be at the draft party tom at Taco Mac in Phillips?
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
ePUBs are the best!
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
you promised me the moon and stars..
": Tell the truth. Who used to say "Happy ValentiMe's day when they were little? ? should B who still says it & u know who u r
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
Sleepy time
Reinstalling Final Cut on my new hard drive. Finally!
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
malaysia(mahali2 go!go!)
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
Heading up to Fisher for end-of-day hors d'ouevres (arranged by #badassrobert) to wrap up part 1 of this energizing
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
thanks for the RT!!
Good Afternoon Y'all.
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
love u too<33
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
There's something in you. U just have to look within
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
Writing... Writing and Writing
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
#Heat targeting
I was trying not to.
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days! Time to finish it off tmr.
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
I feel guilty Urgh 
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
Subway session with
Thank you! Love my flowers!
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
Day of Silence. Not talking the whole day.
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
Lending ebooks on : Libraries take the physical book, digitize it, and then lend out the digital copy online
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
hot honey and organe whilst watching Wayne's World with my best girl. Were both fluy little ladies. <3
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
I have a greatLeifer shot from Fenway in today's queue. He was the best.
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
i love you so much
The rain won't stop..
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
so curious looking..
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
so curious looking..
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol. And they're apparently running out of money.
Charles & Kenny are the most annoying bastards.
Whats up bro? How did the audition go?
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
A good use of schema.
I was trying not to.
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Our teachers rock!
but NJ isn't that big a step down in $$$. It's still NYC, Bklyn in a couple years, alongside Jay-Z.
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
I gets get my dick licked lol
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
On fire!
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
Thank you darling! I think there's still blood all over that kitchen. Poor dear renters.
That site is amazing.
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow Rising 9th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas Power Forward 6'5
baby can u follow ? she really deserves it
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Mother nature playing with us lol
SO JEALOUS! Sometimes I just sit & stare at pics of my goodbye toad in the hole. I wonder how well cheese straws travel?
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
I found the spoon I lost last night....
Thank you! (:
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
You have talked so often of going to the dogs - and well, here are the dogs, and you have reached them, and you can stand it
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
RT : Sorry late to tweet today had to fix a leaky faucet. I will save 3,000 gallons of water per year! Happy Fix A Leak Week
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
Our teachers rock!
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
I LOVE LIFE<3
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Rt 100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations.... 272-1003
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
but your name is blondie?
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.
"A Russian nesting doll situation?!" Oh Schmidt, I love you : )
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
You're lucky I haven't been to your site in a few months. I don't review sites I see on a regular basis.
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
Win it for Brad!
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
How about a follow lovely ? xx
yeah she does
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
Im gonna live in a hole for the rest of my life!!! No one visit or contact me this is the last time you will be hearing from moza carozza
hey stud
hey stud
why do my legs look so short?
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
I just made a RAINBOW SADDLEPACK!!! with 5 pockets for the Busy Dogs!!!
we love you justin:)
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
mama needs some 'me time.'
Wat yo silly ass up to
todays been a little rough..
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
GET TAN TODAY! *Specials TODAY ONLY* ALL UV and Mystic Instant Tans $10 each! Various BOTTLES of LOTION up to 75% OFF! MEMBERSHIPS on SALE!
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
Counting down the days!
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
lol go to jamba juice or the dollar store and find yourself a hottie!
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
you know me so well bruh :)
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
Dont ask me a question like that and not reply when I answer.
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
Have to be up in 3 hours 
that's great :)
Cheers to neighbors!
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
it IS my weekend! :)
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
The rich have a free ride from the police and the DAs and judges in America
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
... and thank you for the follow!
Good luck! It's awesome to see a new cuke convert. Now if only we used it more at work...
Oh, the DayTimer...
S.A. Madison leads Harlingen 28-13 at the half. Looking at some stats & so far it seems like Laredo United gave the Mavericks a better game.
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
Check You DM! PLEASE!!
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
shower of shite
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Haven't gotten drunk in a whilee ;o
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
Just heard my first song..it was pretty awesome gotta say im a fan now
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
is he okay? I'm so sorry :( that is a really horrific way to start the year off
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
Show on Friday at South Minster!
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
Great to be here in San Antonio. Looking forward to a great
You ever been to Mansfield?
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
this was my last social- cave-of-solitude .and now. :)
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Go Raiders today <3
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
we all love it :)
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
Haha keep reading... He changes his mind several times. Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
aw sweetie :(
Oh Mosley must need $
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
full house in the reading room!
go to sleep
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
Go see Megachurch tonight at
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Having the same problem here :-(
Are you joining us for the ha! party tomorrow?
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
Thanks Megan for following. I'll be sure to keep you posted. I wish you the best.
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
Steelers game moved next week to late game
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
Drew Goldstein from Pittsburgh and I'm thrilled to be here...do your thing Kevin!
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
&#39;Uprising&#39; documents role of hip-hop in L.A. riots
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
black in america
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
I know that you probably hear this a lot (sorry!) but I really like your nose! :)
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Hey guise(:
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
that's intense dude
a lot b-days this month
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
Bumping tew the motto :)
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
I'm glad Twitter's back up in time for us to woot woot the TD!
Happy St Patrick's Day ! #happypaddysday Slainte
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
Happy birthday big fella
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
Hey guise(:
New theme song for Desire 2011: "Hello, I lube you, won't you tell me your name!"
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
Was sad we finished Flash Forward. Why the hell did a show this good (and LOST-ish) get cancelled. I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
you mean "tweet"ering ?
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
There's something in you. U just have to look within
S/O to a gorgeous and beautiful woman follow ya boy back iight
cause I was showing you how it could be worse:)
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
I've been on a purple kick lately too. Must be in the air!
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always be there everytime and loyal..
cooling i miss you
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
Watching longest yard!(:
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
Kill with self. Swagger.not.the real tv versions like.ur.thinking.of.
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
no school :) doing #nothing all day
#ndsa Jack Brighton from WILL says content and metadata are the yin and yang of digital media
#Heat targeting
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
you ride?!
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
I just need too get out and talk...
Im going to email you some info
Yes phone works.
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
That storm was crazy! Totally freaked out after watching #insidious too!!
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail. We have premade designs. www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
chill soon
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
i do follow
On the road!
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
#TwSIG Junco -Researchers measured student engagement and higher in the experimental twitter group and engagement increased. Active learnin
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
You don't need to explain anything to me... RT : I was trying to get the notifications to work lol
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
Bumping tew the motto :)
I know
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
QoTD: "A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying." (Allen Steble)
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
Meeting adjourned!
President Obama should point this blockage out LOUD
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
tell her keith us gonna be there.
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
you ride?!
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
looks pretty much over to me
Just heard my first song..it was pretty awesome gotta say im a fan now
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
The lord is blessing Without Delay! Keep praying for our ministry! It's working. :)
we all love it :)
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
lol this dude J spent like a half hour talkin shit about because we beat him a few hours ago its pathetic
90% of people tweeting #50WaysToLeaveYourTwitter don't even know what it refers to. Why don't you kids put down the Leggos and Yolos.
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
That's awkward.
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
Will check it out.
If the stage falls in the storm will You Tube show it
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
It was either the flames or my blazing speed!
#AskDerulo Will you tweet me just to say hi?
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
Feeling creative... Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments. Lol
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
": Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times." yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
Probably threw a helmet at it RT : shit looks like Brett Lawrie crashed my site again
hey stud
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
Drew Goldstein from Pittsburgh and I'm thrilled to be here...do your thing Kevin!
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
yay! tell her I said hi!
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
// Hi Rebecca. Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in
Getting ready for the Happy Hour Party won by Ms. Dawn Pettis! Drop your business card for your chance to win!
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
congrats #WVU PROVE THE HATERS WRONG!
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
I'm still mad that the Facebook app doesn't have that page where you can put people's profiles. Now it's so hard to creep on
what do u mean
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
where u from
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
Yep tasty! Glad I have another option aside from Redbridge & Bard's. I hear rumors more G-free beers r a' comin.
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
this movie is so fabulous
Lending ebooks on : Libraries take the physical book, digitize it, and then lend out the digital copy online
hey love
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
And I don't blame the Pixar guy. No way someone that talented can mess that up w/o Disney meddling.
Seriously!? LUCKY!
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
shoutout to my haters, obvi you couldnt phase me.
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
hey,ugly,call me)))
Don't know which direction I'm headin'. I'm just hoping I happen to cross paths with you.
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
#FF May she live long and prosper
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
The tofu and rice combination is the best. So says the wife.
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
will try. Thx.
There's something in you. U just have to look within
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
New #avi #time were we goin
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
whatever what u wanna say that but i say ur cutie bestie!:)
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
Our teachers rock!
just to have a timeline i'd actually like to read
20 of us just erupting in cheer like the it's the Superbowl, congrats who just won #topchef #texas!!!!!!!
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
hmm im bored right now
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
All Aboard!
Last night the #Marlins gave up 14+ runs for the 4th time this season, tying them with the #Orioles & #Tigers for #MLB lead.
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
Lets put Nap on the map....."Go Time"
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
Didn't know you were in Nashville. Tell Billy that Big Ed says howdy. He a good guy that Billy.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
Colorforms are about to play
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
As a joke x]
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
up its arse!
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
I love you too and yay I'm proud of you! :)
On the road!
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
I miss you-_-
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
happy Friday my friend.
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
thanks baby. How have YOU been? Come visit me
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Josh and Shawn show tonight. Come in for 2 dollar taps and 3 dollar tall rails
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
Black Keys at Mesa Amphitheater! Miss :30Club though.
Well another colt player gone our center Jeff Saturday sign with green bay packers you always been a true colts center ands thanks :)
I miss you-_-
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
Another example of "I didn't leave the Rep. Party, it left me." Lack of focus on financial issues and just plain dumb social stands.
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
his union contract is very good. He's a supporter of
Thats good to hear... sucks you aren't feeling good hope you feel better
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
#RHOC finally pulled through tonight. Vicki and Breanna -- proud of u girls.
PayPal is such a racket.
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
send it to my email, u have it.
Serven is now shutting down --->
Snow day in Seattle!
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
hey love
hey boo how you been You okay?
oh lawd! lol Breath through your mouth....nix that...breathe through your ears! lol
Patriots all the way!!!!
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
Thank you
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
Who's all there!?
#Health Care #Professionals r u hosting, promoting or sponsoring an event? can help you with samples! Call 800-225-3963 2 c how!
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
Rudy is the only boyfriend my mom has ever liked <3 awh mom likes ma babehhh
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
:) hope you made it by!
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
I think like a mix of 5 people have gotten me sick this week, sick people stay the hell home!
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
you ride?!
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
Rush has a Facebook page called "Rush Babes for America" I FEEL CHEATED! Where is your Facebook page "Dana Hunks for America"?
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
someone should have told me it was going to vacuum seal to my hand
come and get it from us.
Another double today #$$$
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
Another double today #$$$
seemed the least i could do for putting your faith in us! i hope we don't let you down - let me know what you think!
Working on some stuff related to Hale Boggs today, and getting a crash course around J. Edgar Hoover, Civil Rights Act, 1968 convention, etc
:) hope you made it by!
how old are u
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
We run a food pantry in your old neighborhood at Harlem and Armitage. Can you help with a follow and a retweet? We need support!
It's been an incredibly productive week for us, how about you? Did you challenge yourself?
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
Well that defiantly deserves a #awkward lol
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
Hey ! Killer
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
To our good friend who suffered a bad knee injury, get well soon sir :)
Eggplant w/ angel hair pasta and tomato sauce for dinner
is in scranton
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
"What's new pussycat?! Can you dig the satisfaction?!" From the song,"Thunder Kiss 65" by White Zombie
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
so were you stay at
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
it was magical. so many memories but the one that stands out.the most was Iverson breaking Tyrone Lue's ankles in the finals.
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
hahaha yeah buddy!
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
Pres is a hot mess!!
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
U R welcome and Happy NY
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
": Wish I was with 's eic heading to the ATL for the Beauty of the Week casting call..." -->Me 2!!
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
are you in the "it's alive" session?
Even the most biased NY fan has to admit that 14 threes and 66.7% in one half is a fluke.
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
Hot cheese up front
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
baby I want you so bad ;)
Goin out to eat
Candice has been getting ready for a damn hour now & I gotta meet with my advisor before 5:15 
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
#peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
Good Night Bros!
Sucks to suck
RT : Looking forward to #AskArchivists Day on June 9--ask us about digital preservation & personal archiving! Use
At least that involves some cooking...mine has been known to scramble an egg, but that's it!
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
Please dad, STFU. I need 10 more minutes!
Great last night!
G'night :D
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
I know
same here, bro.
Was sad we finished Flash Forward. Why the hell did a show this good (and LOST-ish) get cancelled. I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
hey tweets
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
President Obama should point this blockage out LOUD
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
Thanks for the follow
What happens now? Do we animorph?
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
I want an app that let's you make apps
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
I had to turn in tix. Do get em from there. :)
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
u know it!
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
What should I do today? Hmm.
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
In #band with and aka my buds :)
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
I wish all yall were like she was
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
RT : Can't sleep
shush, you!
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
LOL - If only that were true!
Today was quite lovely.
this was my last social- cave-of-solitude .and now. :)
cooling i miss you
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
Ain't nobody like you.
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
So cool to go to a town you've never played in and have new friends singing along from the beginning.
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
I got
Colorforms are about to play
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Pres is a hot mess!!
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
#AskDerulo Will you tweet me just to say hi?
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
At least that involves some cooking...mine has been known to scramble an egg, but that's it!
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
This Mac Miller playlist is on
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
20 of us just erupting in cheer like the it's the Superbowl, congrats who just won #topchef #texas!!!!!!!
There's something in you. U just have to look within
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 6
I found the spoon I lost last night....
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
I never get a good night sleep to much the mind o well
The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core and building your existence on it.
.I'd even take Letterman at this point. The Oprah/Uma thing wasn't really that bad.
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
You hurt yourself? I am sorry, but I can't find a fuck to give.
No be mad at me..
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
SNOW DAYY!!! :D
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
This Mac Miller playlist is on
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
office descends into loud conversation after mass realization that we've all seen people come up from zynga, use our bathroom and not flush
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
I love you MORE PAY !
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
how old are u
Are you a recent graduate or are you just now finding our Twitter page?
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
what's up neighbor? Have a great day!
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
Can't say I've noticed the famous Scouse wit and friendliness.
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Too bad-thought I might run into you sometime :-)
Last item eggnog panna cotta w/ balsamic raspberries
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
Do we need to keep referring to"gay rights"? Let's just call it what its - human rights.
you know me so well bruh :)
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
No be mad at me..
cute Jake
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
lol duly noted but still hahaha
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
will try. Thx.
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
for sure!
I think i passed out for like 30 min and broke my glasses in the process
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
Are you looking for mostly fashiony stuff or does kitcheny stuff count too? So many good kitchen Goodwill finds! And a shredder.
cute Jake
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquillity and occupation which give happiness. - Thomas Jefferson
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
Another day of work and twitter, well mostly twitter.
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
oh im never in there hahha
Choking the chicken
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
Choking the chicken
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
I just made "Steakums" for the first time, that's the weirdest looking meat I've EVER seen...and tasty! Go protein...
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
FOLLOW HIM
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Thank you so much for the love!
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
We play live on in about 2 hours!
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
#life...its nt the count of how many bitches & nighas yu slept with but the count of the ones who actully had a impact on yur life..js
I wish I was asleep still...
i love you so much
at the sapient party on the rooftop with seats and plenty of room!
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
And on a second note... I miss
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
mama needs some 'me time.'
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
Ugh, don't remind me.
rip spring break.
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it! Lets go.
heading to Seattle for crew leader training. Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
Your O-face makes me smile.
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc. so we can share them with everyone!
That storm was crazy! Totally freaked out after watching #insidious too!!
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
I'm up late tonight! Partyin'.... w/ my dog.
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Yes homo.
love the hashtag! where do you get good mexican food in our fair city?
Happy Birthday !!!
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
And 2nd forward for Jeff Saturday thanks for the help when we had the nfl lockout :) trying too get the nfl back up and running
ill dm you that
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
any tips on capturing a room using 123catch?
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
If there were no guns in existence, then nobody would ever get shot and killed. How many of you own one or more guns?
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
ok!! will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Where are you anyways?
Great last night!
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
Sound terrifying.
she's a back seat driver all right.
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Beach day!
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
My colleague Maria Gde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
Where The Party At?
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
full house in the reading room!
Moldy makes me a sad girl.
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
#Brewers offense is looking awful today. Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
haha. damn you! ;)
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
is in scranton
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
ITS NOT OKAY ?
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
Solidarity with OWS in Union Square.
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
The tofu and rice combination is the best. So says the wife.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Thank God I'm stronger today than I was yesterday. Always remember things happen for a reason.. Thank God I've realized the truth
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
Forbes Midas List Recognizes Institutional Venture Partners (IVP) - MarketWatch (press release)
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
too late to join me?
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
You don't need to explain anything to me... RT : I was trying to get the notifications to work lol
text me
Going out w. My Girls , then Show iGuess #Saturday Plans(:
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
Need to bring Woodson back
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Yes phone works.
come and get it from us.
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
ihate when iget high in the MIDDLE of the blunt.
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc. so we can share them with everyone!
Had a rough start to the morning now ready to take on this day
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
": Guys think they can live the single life til There 40! It's going to get old. Trust me." pimpin since been pimpin
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
she's a back seat driver all right.
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
GUYS! ="( I GOT HACKED SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Lakers better not get blown out again
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
Looking for more beats?!...
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
no one danced?
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
I know
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
Check out the Foundation Center for good research tools.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
no idea
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
no problem!! hahahaha
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
I wish all yall were like she was
Pretty sure Andrew Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The Micro-Blogging Site
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
Jet Li turns 49 today. After 7 broken arms and two broken noses, his friends have learned: no surprise parties!
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
- the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came.
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
Looking for more beats?!...
Feeling creative... Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments. Lol
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
#uCantBeToughAndSay that your ok when deep down your screaming for help!:/
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Haha right? Like how could she have danced?
I decorated my Christmas tree this past Saturday, and now I am decorating the two trees at work today.
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
Got to do something!!!
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
About to be a Rebel after this class real quick!
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
I hope .. We will see
what's up??
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Because Ben didn't look enough like a homeless person he had to go and grow a beard ?!??? Wtf
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
I just don't understand people these days. Smh
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
The Green Room.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
I miss you to! Of course! 
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Day two of ignoring him...
Serven is now shutting down --->
See ya Sunday at Miller Park!
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
wa i miss you.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
no not really
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
Haha nice! Congrats! =) I'm moving on into my 3rd year in the fall. :o
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
our future is in or hands
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
#Mario Williams.. and the Bears? Say it aint so...
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
damn right! That makes my day. Thanks for the support man!
At a talk with and
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
Thats good to hear... sucks you aren't feeling good hope you feel better
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
they killed it as usual.
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
Rondo is a Beast
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500+ person-pede? What has this world come to?
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
Thanks for sharing, Chris.
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
I just want someone with good taste in music.
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
nice have fun
Happy Birthday !!!
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
He said it! "I feel safe in white because, deep down inside, I'm an angel." - Puff Daddy
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
:) hope you made it by!
The tofu and rice combination is the best. So says the wife.
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
#FF May she live long and prosper
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
You're welcome!
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Good stuff. Get inspired!
A professor of mine keeps using the term "over-exploitation" and its making me rage
just referenced IT Crowd in #e205 session. Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
happy Friday my friend.
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
Oh Mosley must need $
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
changed me twit name... i was feelin it
tell her keith us gonna be there.
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
We better burn while your out here dude!!
I try very hard to stay faithful to my Changmin but...
we need to go to a show together.
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
Do only that which is right. Period.
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
I don't know about you, but I am SO not into "day jobs" anymore. I'd rather get paid to do what I love.
. inspires me.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
lol, that would be hella funny.
yup, just watched this.....yup....
G'night :D
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
Good Morning Phera!!! ;-)
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
are you in the "it's alive" session?
"A Russian nesting doll situation?!" Oh Schmidt, I love you : )
whatever that was doughty, nice.
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
is that a real dog?
Good Night Bros!
Damn . That nigga know my number by heart ! Lol
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Hey ! Killer
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
ITS NOT OKAY ?
i seriously love you too (:
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
You don't need to explain anything to me... RT : I was trying to get the notifications to work lol
Animal Farm is such a great book.
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
oh lord, good luck with that babysitting job!
I'll make you glad you came
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
thanks a lot bro.
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Seriously you are ok, don't ever change cuz of me RT : I gotta watch what I tweet. My mom reads my TL. Sorry :(
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! O
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
So cool to go to a town you've never played in and have new friends singing along from the beginning.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
#ndsa Jack Brighton from WILL says content and metadata are the yin and yang of digital media
You told Victor!!!! LOL 
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
You got it buddy
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
How about a follow lovely ? xx
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
RT : At #Nasstrac in #Orlando , seems to be more activity in the #logistics space this year than any of recent memory
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
we need to go to a show together.
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
Just turned scanner on, Nothing so far. Might be Miller Compressing in Milwaukee
when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21
hey tweets
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
Big east champs
Subway session with
his union contract is very good. He's a supporter of
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
#EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
Thanks for sharing, Chris.
this was my last social- cave-of-solitude .and now. :)
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
I wanna thank for showing me love! More music to come!
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
hey I just met you!
Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was so good!.
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
hot honey and organe whilst watching Wayne's World with my best girl. Were both fluy little ladies. <3
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
Pre-Conference workshops begin at 9 am in El Granada and Montara. You must be registered for these additional sessions to attend.
follow back? (:
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Hey ! Killer
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
remember less than two months ago when we were complaining about how it was too hot for running on 10.10.10? ahh. good times.
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
Some girls are like summer, no class.
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
The rain won't stop..
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Seeing today with braces was the cutest thing I have ever seen.
"Don't take my word for it. I'm just a cock gobbler," is how come I'll never be in a commercial for anything.
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
text me now tho(:
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
follow back? (:
Feeling creative... Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments. Lol
thank you!!!
Your O-face makes me smile.
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
oh lord, good luck with that babysitting job!
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
defeatist = Michael levin
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
I gotta to get it even if it's in the worse way that cake like its my birthday
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
RT I owe it to myself to CHOOSE to be happy and surround myself with happy ppl.
Ready to have a fun time camping tomorrow!!! Wait I have to work
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Crystal told the teacher to call her dragonfly. Weird ass bitch
haha. damn you! ;)
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
The Kings are making the Blues their Queens. I'll be here all night. Actually, I'm going to bed.
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Elclassico : No matter what happens this will be a Madrid victory. Barcelona can go back to acting school !
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
miss you
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
I hate the MBTA
haha. damn you! ;)
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
LA is my fav place on the world!
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
Kobe shot selection <<<
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
u a good person tho for helping them out..
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
You and the boys are adored.
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo - i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
hi there :D
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
Patriots all the way!!!!
just to have a timeline i'd actually like to read
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
#GrowCo love your energy Keith!
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
Pretty sure Andrew Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The Micro-Blogging Site
#Coyotes and #Predators take the ice for warm-ups.
bring back David please!
Need to escape to a quiet place in Chinatown away from the #Caps madness? We're ready for you! Just blocks away from the metro, 5th & Mass
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
we love folk alliance memories!
Thank you
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
RT Goals today: 1. Subscribe to the 2. Borrow a big dog 3. Line cage with 4. Cancel my subscription
Well that defiantly deserves a #awkward lol
Had my second mean green juice. This one not so bad. Playing with a juicer is fun!
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
what a tune
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
lol duly noted but still hahaha
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
I know how u feel, some ppl @ my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Hey friends. You will NOT be able to get into our 21+ red carpet event if you don't RSVP. Please RSVP to thanks!
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
Be patient when completing each task. Completing goals takes time, but it's worth it when you get there! www.IamINC.biz
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
thank you for the mention :)
having fun ladies?
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
At a talk with and
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
We run a food pantry in your old neighborhood at Harlem and Armitage. Can you help with a follow and a retweet? We need support!
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
Cheers to neighbors!
Good Afternoon Y'all.
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
Promoting the natural history museum, City of LA features 3 dinosaurs. Won the Crown City Innovation award.
Getting antsy...it's really tough to go running when you're in a walking boot
PLEASE! :D
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
I'm selfish when it comes to my girl, I share her with NOBODY
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
": can I get you some peanuts? Hot towel?" Cold beer sounds good
what's next?
 Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish. Quintilian
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
don't even think about that shawnie!
You can't please all mf's
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
lol aww school can be a drag but it's worth it in the end, I know it's cliche but it's true. Yeah I've been focusing on school 2..
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
lol yea I have admit that I do
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
(My tweetdeck has been messing up accounts, lo siento!)
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
You don't need to hide friend, for i am just like you.
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
I love how we used to shop during class.. I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree. I would be top student! I miss you
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
Check You DM! PLEASE!!
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
Some things are better left unsaid
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
Follow organization!
wadd up wiz khalifa tics on deck @ nwc !! stupid mad gear on deck no swagger jackers allowed ! we keep az sexxy
Steelers game moved next week to late game
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
Ugh, don't remind me.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Last item eggnog panna cotta w/ balsamic raspberries
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
Lumberg popped into my head immediately. Um yeah....
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
Rain, fabulous rain!
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Irony: I'm limping because I tripped on the handicap ramp at #cloudforce. Still had a great time, though!
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
"Sound of My Voice": A tense sci-fi puzzler
who fell down the hill
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
BEST CONCERT EVER!
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
Yeah I am in class until 7.
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
thanks " NEVER. RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?."
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
Does anybody know of a good remedy for a sinus infection? Other than "Don't get a sinus infection in the first place", of course.
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Ugh, don't remind me.
Oh, the DayTimer...
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Do only that which is right. Period.
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
long live those fashion quotes
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
Who's all there!?
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
frenchy. Francoeur. He is European correct?
Just heard my first song..it was pretty awesome gotta say im a fan now
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
thank you for the mention :)
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
where you at bro?
Writing... Writing and Writing
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
happy weekend!
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
Focus. Focus. Focus.
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
follow back? (:
Count your blessings
Choking the chicken
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
On the road!
Wow... really got a lot on your mind, there. lol. Wanna talk about it??
saw that - I smiled How nice to be at church ahead of time for services - and i figured Joe was washing dishes!
yep Fire on the Mountain is not to be missed!
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
sorry and Nate said he want to kick your booty 
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
You too sir!
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
not so bad ;)
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
Hairbag saved my life.
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
Feel crap and bored.
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
is working on her website for class.
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
I think social media is everyone's electronic biography, right? :)
// Hi Rebecca. Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
lol I hear u
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
i seriously love you too (:
e! good luck! fingers crossed:-)
someone should have told me it was going to vacuum seal to my hand
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
They performed at the today!
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog? :)
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
The Michigan Difference
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
glad you liked it. Much more to come. Stay tuned
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
Can anyone out there recommend a good chiropractor?
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
"What's new pussycat?! Can you dig the satisfaction?!" From the song,"Thunder Kiss 65" by White Zombie
Lol too much work !
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
Getting ready for the Happy Hour Party won by Ms. Dawn Pettis! Drop your business card for your chance to win!
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
yep Fire on the Mountain is not to be missed!
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
Hey ! Killer
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
Headache all night but that doont stop mee.
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
Mother nature playing with us lol
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you. Andy Rooney
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
Are you here? Make yourself known. Shout out the #FreshCoastClassic on #twitter. We want to meet you!!
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
(My tweetdeck has been messing up accounts, lo siento!)
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
Going out w. My Girls , then Show iGuess #Saturday Plans(:
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
but NJ isn't that big a step down in $$$. It's still NYC, Bklyn in a couple years, alongside Jay-Z.
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
Had my second mean green juice. This one not so bad. Playing with a juicer is fun!
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
We haven't registered yet but we are planning on it! Looking forward to it and thanks for the follow! :)
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
i got the hang of it now, i love it!
Waiting on this good pizza though
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
Got to do something!!!
baby I want you so bad ;)
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail. We have premade designs. www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
Seriously you are ok, don't ever change cuz of me RT : I gotta watch what I tweet. My mom reads my TL. Sorry :(
Comcast's David Cohen: minority communities growing faster than the rest of
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
I wish I was asleep still...
Now Following Baqk (:
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
I can't wait to write about this ordeal later in detail. It's rare to find a company botch handling a negative comment this bad.
Big Daddy is my movie tho
Got to do something!!!
for sure!
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND ALL MY GOONIES I HOPE EVERYBODY IS HAVING A GOOD DAY....-YOUNG.S
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
you're awesome Kelly!
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
all I ask is for is to see your name on my followers list. Make it happen? Please? Ha I love you Austin :)
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
ITS NOT OKAY ?
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
Im going to email you some info
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
#notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends.
PLEASE! :D
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
Tick tick.
hey love
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
PLEASE! :D
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
ha sounds about like lex. Snowed yesterday and was 60 today.
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards! It's going to be funn :D
where have you been ;-)
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
not much help for homeowners with foreclosure sale dates looming....
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Cheers to neighbors!
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
Sleepy time
Can you see the show from where you're at?
June bugs in May? Warm summer?
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
I got u my brother
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
it was a good time, but the story lacked. I cannot get into that Loki guy as being terrifying. Looks like PeeWee Herman.
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
Ugh, don't remind me.
I missed you anyway ;)
lol it kind of does
oh my god have fun!
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
RT Twitter has become the 2nd screen: not just for televised events but for any event~Twitter CEO Dick Costolo at
i voted for yall can i get a follow backplease #YOMO #TeamMindless LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART:):):)
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
like a boss
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
What's your favorite song? Share with all of our shastician friends!
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
Please add new sponsors apps more!!!! I really need it to unlock paid apps!!!
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
agreed. bit of "shock value" there. similar to email is dead. but, agreed, dynamic, ever changing and fun!
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
The average person checks their phone 150 times a day or every 6.5 minutes. I always excel vs. others. So back off! :)
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
Going to see D12 Tonight? You Could be! DM , FIRST 2 NAMES GETS A PAIR OF TICKETS TO THE SHOW TONIGHT!
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
our future is in or hands
i love you so much
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
you look like your a little tired in your picture,are you getting any rest.
ATTENTION! We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription (Val. > $1600). DM me if interested. PLS RT.
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
gone the 17th to the 25th :/
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
seemed the least i could do for putting your faith in us! i hope we don't let you down - let me know what you think!
we all love it :)
why do my legs look so short?
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
4 days and I'm home again
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
you stealing my fallowers. hop of.
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile.. & just being ourselves with e/o
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Thanks again for shopping with us this weekend!
ATTENTION! We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription (Val. > $1600). DM me if interested. PLS RT.
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
Swear god damn people these days need a good ass whoopen
BEST CONCERT EVER!
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
cooling i miss you
Have lots of "move a body friends"! #blessed Thanks !
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
Dude, still waiting 4 the game. Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend? I'll try.
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
Great last night!
Soap so kind on the skin
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
Just recorded an additional two tracks for "left". Stay tuned for a sample.
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Too bad-thought I might run into you sometime :-)
I am so jealous of people who have high arches.
Hey guise(:
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
No Bates!
lets build.
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
We better burn while your out here dude!!
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
Y'all all make it rain but I make it hurricane
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
Oh, the DayTimer...
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
i seriously love you too (:
I gotta find it.
happy early birthday!! =]
YES my dear a gift to Zambian Women
I think I am! The horror... lol
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
u say the coolest things!! write a damn book please!!
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
I'd like to pt out that has nearly finished TFIOS. In 1 hour. My gf is a speed-reading superhero & I NEED TO GIVE HER KLEENEX.
I'm up late tonight! Partyin'.... w/ my dog.
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
This fool said rabbits lay eggs!!! Bahahaha . What school u went to?!?
lol this dude J spent like a half hour talkin shit about because we beat him a few hours ago its pathetic
Come see us tonight for one of two SPECIAL DEALS! Purchase any 5 tans/upgrades, get 2 FREE! And MEMBERS, get an additional 10% off lotions!!
I hate getting prank calls -.-
Greatness never sleeps
thanks so much!!
Oh, the DayTimer...
Follow organization!
How about a follow lovely ? xx
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Me and Cody broke up
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
its ok:) ily still
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Hairbag saved my life.
heading to Seattle for crew leader training. Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Sorry for the rant! Good Morning Folks
half of that is veryy false
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
I just want someone with good taste in music.
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
oh hay girl ;)
PayPal is such a racket.
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie. I love Sandra Bullock <3
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
I was trying not to.
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
#CentralTxFires Vacation Rental Owners n #Austin area offering #wildfire evacuees free or discounted rates on homes bit.ly/otx751
Let's see how many times I can watch sportscenter in a row
tell her keith us gonna be there.
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Worst day:(
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
Still edible?
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
Choking the chicken
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
cant wait to break this thing in
Big Daddy is my movie tho
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Law of the laundry - the #Ravens all-white uniforms are slick - one of their best combos. Steelers throw-backs are horrendous. Just saying.
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
you're so welcome!! :)
Great last night!
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
a lot b-days this month
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog? :)
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh
don't even think about that shawnie!
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
G'night :D
hey i was at the presentation too!
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Not every man really lives.
Subway session with
thanks very much for the RT and follow :)
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Truly live and you will find love! Learn to love and life abounds! DM
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Greatness never sleeps
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
don't make me say tornado siren!
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
hahahah glad you discovered this in a text with me ": If something's funny but awkward : lawk"
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
what up
FINALLY starting Downton Abbey. Better late than never...
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
you and rocked it. Nice work.
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
hey tweets
The Thing could put up a fight.
How about a follow lovely ? xx
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
the bird or the hockey fans?
shush, you!
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
PayPal is such a racket.
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
logan, now I am gonna punch you in the face. I told you not to be mean to riley!!!
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
Unless you're into that
Don't forget to join us for happy hour tomorrow at the Continental Pool Lounge in Rosslyn (1911 Fort Myer Drive) from 6:30-8:30pm
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
#QuoteDay 3. If i was your boyfriend i'll never let you go i can take you places you aint never been before.e
is he okay? I'm so sorry :( that is a really horrific way to start the year off
Count your blessings
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
Yes phone works.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
isn't that the truth!
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
amen to that. These kids on my bus this morning didnt know what the hell they were talking about.
Know what's not gonna be fun tomorrow? Lugging huge bags of purses, shoes and clothes to Secondi for drop off. Ugh!
Hey, #HermanCain: Obama never hired a slander lawyer. Is this supposed to be "presidential"? Pussy.
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
Reviewing volunteer work on the #PealeBCLM photo print inventory list. A lot was left out so I'm pulling all 90 boxes...
lol yea I have admit that I do
Seriously!? LUCKY!
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
she's a back seat driver all right.
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
Going out w. My Girls , then Show iGuess #Saturday Plans(:
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
I wish pop
Sitting in garage smoking & eating candy from some past holiday & I am frozen
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
I LOVE LIFE<3
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
I swear, there's some jaded people out there who only reply to tweets with something negative to say.
Thanks for spreading the word about the Mandala exhibition! :) Only open for 1 more month!
UGK hold up
Paula! Paula!
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
ROASTED! RT Like Syracuse, it appears Kansas also misses Fab Melo.
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
oh hay girl ;)
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
wanna follow me?(:
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
Looking for more beats?!...
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
thanks " NEVER. RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?."
Missing the game smh
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
Find database of #ThomasJefferson'sSlaves with notes and sources from his "Farm Book" on Ancestry.com. Just uploaded on 9/1/10.
Avoid using abrasive tooth powders, salt, tobacco, etc. for cleaning the teeth.
": appearances are not simply the cheerleaders for the football team of essences"
I have literally spent thousands of $ purchasing gear 4 my teams through #Eastbay & still get treated horrible everytime I call 4 a quote
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
Promising book; then saw authors using only NYC, Philadelphia and Boston as representative of "key patterns" in urban form; no thanks
You're welcome!
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
i don`t remember paying for things
thanks for all the Austin restaurant advice. Looking forward to seeing you live on stage soon. cc
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
you promised me the moon and stars..
Privileged to have a representative from Photo Scanning with us in Orlando today!
I need some of your motivation haha
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
u say the coolest things!! write a damn book please!!
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
The rain won't stop..
hi there :D
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
Nothing in the works. Seeming like a quiet summer for shows.
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo - i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
#FF May she live long and prosper
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
Seriously you are ok, don't ever change cuz of me RT : I gotta watch what I tweet. My mom reads my TL. Sorry :(
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Damn people who lie but just are afraid to admit it . haha . im sorry but your a low life scum no one likes .
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! O
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Fridays are always slow I could use some entertainment ha
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile.. & just being ourselves with e/o
app was called Everday.
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
WAIT. so Tom was just a cop, and when the railing fell he tried to protect Justin but Justin misunderstood and fought back??
haha I just read Sisson's book, too, so all the dots are being connected. Glad all you giants are sharing your knowledge!
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
any tips on capturing a room using 123catch?
PLEASE! :D
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
Android 4.0.4 works really well with p12 certificates. If you're into things like two-factor security. Now how to deploy OTA sans SCEP...
hey #ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes? try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
Almost back home in mississippi. 1 mo hour to go thank u lord
Congrats to Joel Ward and the #Caps for knocking off the mighty #Bruins!
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
Sub51 tonight message ChiIL Productions for tables or comp bottles for ladies.
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
I dont have any patience :/
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
haha. looks like u got some competition for best impression. lil girl is GOIN IN!! crazy!
your getting old brotha
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
fuckkkkkk being single.
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
#notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends.
Being the best I can be...
lol u no when #theyhaten when they call ur gear ugly and they wherein that same thing
Should I do the no shave november?
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
Wally Boston now speaking in
Show on Friday at South Minster!
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
I like the green myself, or black.
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
Hey ! Killer
AP Econ Final in 20 minutes....
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always be there everytime and loyal..
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
Good morning twitter world
Certainly not certain.
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
I over think things way too much for my own good.
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
follow back? (:
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
have you been riding around town :)
I will make sure to pass along to our group ex director! Great idea!
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
Just a coincidence that both improv and birth certificates can be categorized into short-form and long-form?
cant wait to break this thing in
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
LA is my fav place on the world!
great new avi!
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
lol yea I have admit that I do
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
Let's win this in OT
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
- this is my lesbian sister
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
RT : On #BWEChat tonight we're going to talk about Twitter - is it turning into a link farm? Join us at 9:00 p.m. EST
you know me so well bruh :)
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
cant wait to break this thing in
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
why didnt u wake me?
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
": Is being detail-oriented something a person can learn or is it innate?" falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
You havereally done very well indeed
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
I wish all yall were like she was
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
Sound terrifying.
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
we need to rectify immeds. Also, did you watch the drag race tonight? What did willam do to get kicked off?!
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
no not really
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
Sup Rodney! Are you behaving yourself?
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
can't wait...
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
Can people even see my posts??
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
- this is my lesbian sister
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
good morning wow that's cool Ty
I like the green myself, or black.
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
yay! tell her I said hi!
Do you even need to ask? ;)
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
What a putt by Lefty.
The average person checks their phone 150 times a day or every 6.5 minutes. I always excel vs. others. So back off! :)
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
Zyplen... Yeah I didnt name it..
Happy Easter! :0)
you know me so well bruh :)
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
Great last night!
We got to see it too! So cool!
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
stop crying you baby
explanation.. NOW!
you stealing my fallowers. hop of.
Just hearing about bin laden's death. In related news, CNN.com is useless on a mobile device.
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
Serven is now shutting down --->
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
our future is in or hands
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
My plans consist of #Diablo3 #betatesting today. It's pretty
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
That's awesome =)
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
ijust saw your schedule and will be in LA at the same time - I will ring you there!
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
Never cook naked.
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
How are you Anik?
You havereally done very well indeed
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
ill dm you that
You can't pattern your life after what someone else is doing. That's why we have the holy spirit. -Jenn Johnson
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
Pres is a hot mess!!
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
I want an iphone4
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog? :)
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
that's what I thought haha
remember the great feeling you felt when you clicked the "follow" button? No, maybe it was just me, anyway, I've lost that feeling.. so sad!
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
He loves a woman with a future and a past......im just saying my future is so bright
Can't wait to try it
Vanilla! :P
no idea
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
Lumberg popped into my head immediately. Um yeah....
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
I like the green myself, or black.
Exciting news coming!!! STAY TUNED!
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
"We are where banners are born."
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo - i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
Thank you! Love my flowers!
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
I dont have any patience :/
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
Can the angels not swing a bat ? Everyone just bunts
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
I LOVE LIFE<3
Last minute photo shoot tomorrow! Gonna be crazy busy this week!
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
One of Obama's Secret Service agents refused to pay a prostitute? Come on. You can't cheat someone off of services rendered.
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
I've never missed anyone so much in my whole life <3
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
that's not very good, sir
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
Worst day:(
Ponds Cold Cream
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Hot cheese up front
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
Thank you god! My dad got a job!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
congrats on becoming the newest member of the tampa bay bucs. Good thins happen to great people
My preformance was the bomb I sang and I thought I sounded terrible but I got a lot of good comments!Just thinking of my amazing friends!!:)
Mother nature playing with us lol
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
how is it going?
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR! Drafthouse time
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
Oh I was misinformed it was MCA not AD ROCK, still just as devastating. I'm really feeling old now, I hope these young heads appreciate him.
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Thanks for the follow
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
I'm going to bed!!!
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
i feel like im interupting something. lol
RT Just found out I'll be interviewing star John Shurna on tonight!
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
I got a lot of associates and very few friends
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
with who?
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
What does Social Media mean to you???
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
Hi Katherine, Thanks for following us. Hope to see you soon!
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
what's up??
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
Good news. Wiggle on.
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
and you are telling this to us to .. make us jealous? You aint finding the big hairy guy that way.
going to hulu.com
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Sleepy time
hey stud
rip spring break.
Yeah... the 1800's were WEIRD!
Need to bring Woodson back
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
hey i was at the presentation too!
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
Im going to email you some info
Bumping tew the motto :)
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
sorry , is a bit of a better product. i can sync multiple Google Accounts with it. nice try though.
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
Bummer that our site will be down temporarily as we repair some damages from a hack. We will be back shortly and better than ever in no time
Yeah, I see it.
long live those fashion quotes
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
i voted for yall can i get a follow backplease #YOMO #TeamMindless LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART:):):)
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Animal Farm is such a great book.
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
Also about to take my Mensa Test 
crossfit belltown. I love that place
ITS NOT OKAY ?
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
dope track, i like the flow... keep pushing that raw music!!! Shalom...
Kioi Sinfonietta concert unusual, but interesting - Washington Post
Yeah I am in class until 7.
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
Wat yo silly ass up to
Thanks for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays. Best, Matthew
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Just picked up Neil and Carley from the airport! Good to have them back!
Gotta be up at 7am!! :( Time for sleep!
Yes I do!
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
no problem!! hahahaha
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
Since the day I turn 18 I know for a fact my mother blood pressure has gone up because of my fuckery lol
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Twitter spam <<<
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
still gonna see it anyway!
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
I love hearing the stories guys say about girls getting wasted and how fucking disgusting they get. Im not sure if I'll ever get drunk again
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
came through clutch sir
playing the piano in the dark >>>>>>
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
collaborating and creating music #checkuout Equator Line!!!!
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
rip spring break.
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
What does Social Media mean to you???
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
shower of shite
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
I'm coming for you.
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
you know me so well bruh :)
but your name is blondie?
JUST SHUT UP ND LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!! STOP BEING A BITCH
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
Mountain dew white out is really good
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope *S.B.S.E.* Just know DATT!!!!!
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Our teachers rock!
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
what? where:D
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
New came out yesterday.....what'd you think?!
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
You are an odd little bird with sex on the brain. Get a life. Bill Clinton jokes? Grow up. Please.
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
I'm not really a tranny honey...
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia - it is a must visit! Slovenia's coast is fab, too. Love Turkey & it's food
I LOVE YOU MORE! Deff need to hang out soon :)
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Haha, my friends have a great taste in music!
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
seriously. what would i do without all the stupid people in the world to amuse me. i appreciate you guys!
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
Glad you're set up with an account again - sorry for the trouble!
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
text me now tho(:
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
I wish all yall were like she was
Damn that sucks
Show on Friday at South Minster!
ok!! will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
Bummer that our site will be down temporarily as we repair some damages from a hack. We will be back shortly and better than ever in no time
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
or subliminally fitting
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
relax, BREATH I love you<3
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
Bet the house!
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
no one danced?
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
I got u my brother
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 1
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
i do follow
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
lol yea I have admit that I do
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
totally. i agree. with links to my biz pages, of course ;)
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
that's intense dude
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
KENTUCKY BASKETBALL
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. 
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
will try. Thx.
#27 jason from both(:
You ever been to Mansfield?
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
April showers do bring May flowers Mayhem Nation. Start cranking up 's theme...
gonna tease my hair today (:
Amen. I'm mostly surprised that amazon did the overdrive deal in first place and skip over libraries already.
i seriously love you too (:
thanks Ran!
going to hulu.com
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
RT : can I slap u too?  < lol I don't see why not..you wouldn't be the first person to do it...
I totally did miss it LOL. Read too fast.
Just realized what TCBY stands for...
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
ya that taco place is the epitome of a Bordain late night pig out clip from No Reservations. Fav ep was Japan filmed b4 quake
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
love that show.
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
came through clutch sir
Catering Holiday Events www.patrickscatering.com
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
I like the green myself, or black.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
what's up neighbor? Have a great day!
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
AND I HATE LIBRARIES... There I am done... Calm now! I am so ready to throw down...Its been a long three years...
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
oh im never in there hahha
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
Just got in trouble by the church for having to much fun :/ come on just live a little!
I am majorly bummed out.
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Pretty sure Andrew Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The Micro-Blogging Site
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
she's a back seat driver all right.
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
where you at bro?
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
Why Wud I Be MAD??
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the right thing to do.
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
Waiting on this good pizza though
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Well Brewers, you sure know how to shoot yourself in the foot.
who fell down the hill
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Nice job in the Terry Richardson video. You gracefully straddled the line between sexy and creepy.
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
it means he doesn't want to work a respectable job his entire life basically...
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
Not every man really lives.
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
let's get a drink girl
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
The 's article about academics on food stamps is behind their pay wall.
Come see us tonight for one of two SPECIAL DEALS! Purchase any 5 tans/upgrades, get 2 FREE! And MEMBERS, get an additional 10% off lotions!!
You don't need to hide friend, for i am just like you.
The Thing could put up a fight.
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
Great last night!
Grrrr.... give the geriatric the respect shes due!!!
I hate getting prank calls -.-
Patriots all the way!!!!
the breakfast of champions!!!
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog? :)
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
I missed you anyway ;)
Waiting on this good pizza though
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Frontera grill = only redeeming part of ever having to go to O'Hare.
Big Daddy is my movie tho
20 of us just erupting in cheer like the it's the Superbowl, congrats who just won #topchef #texas!!!!!!!
New Products at CinemaCon 2012 - Film Journal
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
I love you MORE PAY !
awesome to hear of your recent purchase, be sure ot hit us up and tell us how if fits!!!
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
#Pinterest's fast success should be a shot in the arm for every creative #entrepreneur. It hasn't "all been done, yet!"
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
no waiting go get it
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
I'm selfish when it comes to my girl, I share her with NOBODY
who knows? I know one that want make it to the game.
I'm good, thanks for asking! Whatcha doing?
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
&#39;Uprising&#39; documents role of hip-hop in L.A. riots
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
Follow organization!
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
Haha keep reading... He changes his mind several times. Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
#NAEP Science higher % of students perform at or above basic and Proficient level. Achievement gaps closing White/black & White/Hispanic .
S/O to hard work pays off!! #nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
hey ya.)
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
It was either the flames or my blazing speed!
Tonight will be a night of #EPIC proportions! Join us tonight and then after-ups Password = "MVP" Tables? DM us
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
It's going to be a busy week!
Be the father of my kids please
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
Bumpersticker said, " No tea party for me, I can think for myself" Found it at www.zazzle.com/jerwin
You hurt yourself? I am sorry, but I can't find a fuck to give.
Count your blessings
Some things are better left unsaid
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
what's the plan bro
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
That's awesome =)
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
10 more chocolates ;)
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
I'm coming for you.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
Me and Cody broke up
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
10 more chocolates ;)
lets build.
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
Bumping tew the motto :)
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
Thought you would've asked me out by now...
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
can't wait...
In A Rush one if my fav tracks!
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
almost, our project will be out this summer.
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws, ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
Nothing in the works. Seeming like a quiet summer for shows.
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards! It's going to be funn :D
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
When did I become an analyist? Don't get me wrong I love crunching numbers & creating data visualizations as much as the next guy, but....
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
thanks so much!!
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Colorforms are about to play
what are u doing ?
Very catchy I love the synths!
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply."
you promised me the moon and stars..
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
Popped the lenses outta my 3-d glasses.Now there Nerd glasses bitch!haha
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
ePUBs are the best!
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol. And they're apparently running out of money.
hey,ugly,call me)))
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
they were in red! Jennifer, I agree if we get gold they'd do it at The Grove, which would be AMAZING!
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
Downloaded a bunch of to my phone horray :) I like the old and new albums :) fuck I like them all.
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
Greatness never sleeps
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
im cool B) follow me?
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
If you suffered a #heart attack, using #anti-inflammatory drugs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45% your risk to repeat it. / J. Circulation.
send it to my email, u have it.
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ;) I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
where have you been ;-)
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
thanks for watching!
Very catchy I love the synths!
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
Hey ! Killer
Moved the computer into the living room and now it feels like a check in desk for a brothel.
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
Who is gonna win tonight? Rangers or Yanks
Time to watch my Sex and the City
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome! Gifts indeed.... prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
When are you putting up my Preakness Blog? :)
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
SO JEALOUS! Sometimes I just sit & stare at pics of my goodbye toad in the hole. I wonder how well cheese straws travel?
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
I need some of your motivation haha
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
John madden retired? All right. Now I will be able to understand the commentators.
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
Check out Friday.
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
Show on Friday at South Minster!
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
Watching longest yard!(:
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
drinks sun or mon together??
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
Reinstalling Final Cut on my new hard drive. Finally!
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
Hey, #HermanCain: Obama never hired a slander lawyer. Is this supposed to be "presidential"? Pussy.
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
Can't say I've noticed the famous Scouse wit and friendliness.
// Hi Rebecca. Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
relax, BREATH I love you<3
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
our future is in or hands
Rush has a Facebook page called "Rush Babes for America" I FEEL CHEATED! Where is your Facebook page "Dana Hunks for America"?
I want an iphone4
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
Even the most biased NY fan has to admit that 14 threes and 66.7% in one half is a fluke.
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Thanks! I low that guitar! -Grant
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair(:
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
You too sir!
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always be there everytime and loyal..
did you have to go to Robyn?
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
If in-n-out burger comes to
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
Just went to Virginia today. My friend Melissa and I went to some museum, went out and tried putting out a fire. Now my bearpaws are burnt
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
Pres is a hot mess!!
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
e!! That sounds sketchy !
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
Yeah I am in class until 7.
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
mama needs some 'me time.'
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
Luol Deng makes the All-Star team. It's about time. Well deserved this year.
What does Social Media mean to you???
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Equality wins in CA--at last.
wish you could have joined us!!!!
Twin Platinum Guns Son aimed at the sky Ice on my bullets u dies soon as I pull it.
You Bomb Like Atomic <3
#FrostBank has THE BEST customer service. I highly recommend them to all of my #Texas friends.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! O
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
my friend used to have one and theyre ugly and weird lol
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
Happy Labor Day everybody.
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
nice have fun
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
Meeting adjourned!
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
": Whoever wins the Mega tonight needs to let me Host there Celebration Party... 45 47 !!!!"
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
is it we found love?? I love that song!
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
Contemplating dark chocolate.
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
changed me twit name... i was feelin it
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
Speakers on How To Get Elected-
Game about to kick off. Excited to see Josh Wolff back in KC. We need this win tonight. Should be an exciting game
Close to the last boss!!
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
The International Chamber Artists will be performing very soon here in our lobby. If you are in the area come stop in!
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
"I'm like a hairless rat rn." o.o
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
mama needs some 'me time.'
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
The most hilarious Lifetime movie ever is on right now. "Cyber seduction: His Secret Life." I'm not kidding. It's a RIOT. Seen it twice.
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
Can you see the show from where you're at?
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
You havereally done very well indeed
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
Im going to email you some info
the breakfast of champions!!!
It's all fun and games until Outlook reminds me about a meeting that you meant to cancel.
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
how do you find out? :O
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
What does Social Media mean to you???
right here ! (:
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
why is it that you always seem to notice everyone BUT me?
hahaha love to see that you are doing better already!!!! the show was amazing last night really wish yall could have played NZT
LA is my fav place on the world!
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
across the nation! (That is, government/elected officials all act as if money grows on everyones' front lawn like grass).
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
Sound terrifying.
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
lets build.
Watching longest yard!(:
Went driving today and it was a success
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
don't even think about that shawnie!
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
Never cook naked.
Jayne-would love to meet. Sara- Am i preppy, hipster, or preppy hipster? Sometimes even I forget...
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
oh im never in there hahha
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
Watching longest yard!(:
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
It's Friday!
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Good Night Bros!
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
Yeah I am in class until 7.
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
I gave up on my HTC Incredible and have gone to the dark side.
Thanks for the mention in the stay-supple Daily. My stay-sexy Daily is out and Lisa Marie Bowman is the lead story.
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video! Yay work!!!
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
On the road!
The Village People lied to me
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
who fell down the hill
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Looking forward to #TEDxHuntsville tomorrow. Big change from my first event in 2009.
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
you know me so well bruh :)
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
Can you see the show from where you're at?
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
*You talk it, we live it, you're jealous, admit it*
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
shower of shite
so curious looking..
Josh and Shawn show tonight. Come in for 2 dollar taps and 3 dollar tall rails
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
Come out and see us. We'll be at McGovern's in San Mateo tonight at 10.
If there were no guns in existence, then nobody would ever get shot and killed. How many of you own one or more guns?
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
IDK if you mean - AMIA - is full of hot air :) Good ideas too, but a lot of ranting. It's the most *interesting* listserv I've seen, anyway!
Day two of ignoring him...
Truly live and you will find love! Learn to love and life abounds! DM
what's up??
I just want 8flavahs to go home. no offense. I just don't like them.
Do you even need to ask? ;)
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
I say, Yay! too, Janet! Looking forward to hosting Bryan on his The Skeleton Box tour.
Alan Gross: "I feel like I'm a hostage." -
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
Twitter spam <<<
QoTD: "A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying." (Allen Steble)
they killed it as usual.
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
Major upgrade of the Banshee Scream going on. Getting ready for DH in Vermont. Will post pictures on Facebook next week.
I just hit the floor in hysterics. HEY! Good idea! I'll just show up at kid's school and do that in the cafeteria every day.
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
i saw nerdist on attack of the show chris hardwick is halarious
cap room?
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
cap full of bleach
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
Pancreatitus is a serious Mother Fucker! I`m sick as all hell! Lord help me.
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
so were you stay at
Resource poor can occur in any country, definitely bottom billion elements occurring in the US as well.
RT : Keep ur back safe when bending down: Bend the knees, bend from the hips, keep ur spine lined up.
Gordon Setter
Law of the laundry - the #Ravens all-white uniforms are slick - one of their best combos. Steelers throw-backs are horrendous. Just saying.
its not lol
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
Very catchy I love the synths!
"I know I gotta Crush"
Thank you! (:
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
Just wanted to add my thx to the #cwcon hosts for not only the great conference but also their support of the #collaborvention and
What's goin' on out there peeps? I mean besides this #PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
thank you!!!!
good thing that moose didnt pick you to be her new spouse.
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
thanks for check n that out
On fire!
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here, and it feels like I deal with ALL of them on a daily basis
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
make that two pieces.
Yep, that's me! It wasn't Days of Heaven, it was Far From Heaven.
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
Great Idea! MT #CT2011 Creativity&Collab Idea Anyone building match.com web db of #university research to empower connections?
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
wutz good i got a neo soul joint im working ima send you a snip..so let me know wut you think..
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
I wish all yall were like she was
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Or said a prayer. It took me a while to swallow that pride after 17 years of being a "Christian."
haha. damn you! ;)
": Goodmorning!! RT : Good morning tweet peeps.."
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
What does Social Media mean to you???
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
oh stop it. Your so cute.
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
can't wait to hear what you dig.
2 all r friends in Nashville...buckle up buttercups...it's the #CMA's Fan Fair Week!! Best music fans in the world!!
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
thanks for check n that out
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
MY DAD AND SISTER GOT ADMITTED TO A HOSPIITAL LAST NIGHT AND MY RELATIONSHIP IS GOING HORRIBLE!
hahahah glad you discovered this in a text with me ": If something's funny but awkward : lawk"
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
will i be seeing you all in a couple weeks for #toyotawomen too? I hope so!
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
is working on her website for class.
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
hey ya.)
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
Boy stays grounded. Mom explains that actions that take only seconds can result in pain that lasts a long time. Boy loves Mom.
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
Frontera grill = only redeeming part of ever having to go to O'Hare.
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
What does Social Media mean to you???
": Cookout anyone" Birch was there
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
Go see Megachurch tonight at
- this is my lesbian sister
Flawless, love. <3
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for $150.00. WOW!
Happy Birthday Lea Michele! :)
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
I followed her please tell them :-)
Preparing to celebrate the past, present, and future life of - HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
no ego here, well maybe a little
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
recieved a resume today, special skills listed: twirls and mean baton, so- so funny improv jokes, yea Im not kiddin
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
happy Friday my friend.
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
and for some, very lucrative.
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
defeatist = Michael levin
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are and style is the outer reflection of character.
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
Since the day I turn 18 I know for a fact my mother blood pressure has gone up because of my fuckery lol
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore... made my fuckin night
Watching longest yard!(:
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
Is messing around on Twitter when she really should be doing other things.
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
And what exactly are you reading?
let's get a drink girl
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
RT this if you love your mother
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
I got u my brother
Kurt Vonnegut~ Like so many Americans she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
The Village People lied to me
sorry i fell asleep!!!
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
Forget 's daughters boyfriend's being afraid of Lee , Drita's the one with the shot gun in her back pocket !
Thanks for follow back. :) xx You are really lucky, you meet Austin !! <33
love the hashtag! where do you get good mexican food in our fair city?
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
PLEASE! :D
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
For those of us who aren't in CHI, any related readings?
#CentralTxFires Vacation Rental Owners n #Austin area offering #wildfire evacuees free or discounted rates on homes bit.ly/otx751
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
mama needs some 'me time.'
Done! All legs. #gonnabelimping !!!
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Our teachers rock!
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
My nigga told me u going! Haha
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
Even though factoring involves B2B transactions, a large percentage of retail business utilizes a Factor.
#ndsa Jack Brighton from WILL says content and metadata are the yin and yang of digital media
Where The Party At?
Certainly not certain.
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
dude, you're Alec Baldwin!
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
Hey ! Killer
Wait, are they talking about 3D printed objects as even being copyrightable? That's the fundamental issue.
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
looks pretty much over to me
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
todays been a little rough..
Yammy Colombian organic coffee! The best
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
For AFA, having service academy game on CBS is a huge, huge deal in many ways. Kickoff time doesn't matter. Would be same w/ ESPN
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
Tonight will be a night of #EPIC proportions! Join us tonight and then after-ups Password = "MVP" Tables? DM us
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
 Those who wish to appear wise among fools among the wise seem foolish. Quintilian
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500+ person-pede? What has this world come to?
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
My pool needs to be opened asap
#peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
defeatist = Michael levin
Subway session with
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing? Looking at pageant dresses... EPIC FAIL.
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
is working on her website for class.
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :-/
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
where you at bro?
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
haha I'm watching him now.
My plans consist of #Diablo3 #betatesting today. It's pretty
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
is that a real dog?
black in america
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Damn you, voice of reason!
Thanks for the mention! Hope your day is great! Mojo Marketing
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
bring back David please!
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
Made it onboard, but barely. DEN to PDX. Farewell #drupalcon! Good luck to everyone at the sprints!
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
we need to go to a show together.
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
Makes my day when I go to make coffee and already has it waiting for me.
Haha keep reading... He changes his mind several times. Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Ponds Cold Cream
Damn i got a headache from dancing like a psycho today>.<
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
I can only watch romantic movies hii LOL nd im so serious!!
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
thanks very much for the RT and follow :)
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
Glad you're set up with an account again - sorry for the trouble!
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
yep, been doing that for years. It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
I honestly don't think you will have any problem winning the Shorty awards <21 :D
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
hi there :D
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
Colorforms are about to play
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
HGMS basketball game :-)
thank you <3
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
looks pretty much over to me
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
lmao yeah i heard! I'm jealous aha
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Almost back home in mississippi. 1 mo hour to go thank u lord
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
super cute :)
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
Never cook naked.
Thank you so much.. i retweeted..
#ff the sexiest Aquarius ever!
sweet, my dad might not come to my high school graduation.
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
I love Patagonia...hmm...does kick things up into the next price level...
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
I like the green myself, or black.
Counting down the days!
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
you can be our driver and beer runner!
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
aha thanks guys.
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
Being the best I can be...
WAIT. so Tom was just a cop, and when the railing fell he tried to protect Justin but Justin misunderstood and fought back??
so am I haha
whoa buddy only one man has a a backhand and can play the net well.
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
Happy Labor Day everybody.
How do you feel about NATO?
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
She sexy, she fine, she say she love me, I know she lyin', we stay fuckin'....from time to time...
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
you promised me the moon and stars..
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
I'm coming for you.
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
Choking the chicken
Ugh I want to go to cedar point, but I have dance competitions the next two weekends -.-
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
He was too good for this world. This world is a hell hole and god called his angel home. I miss him to death :-(
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
I am so jealous of people who have high arches.
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
Need to bring Woodson back
Working with a new client today...this company specializes in finding green uses for gray water...
like 2 days ago
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
A Brazilian on the bachelorette? That's pretty fun! Except gracias doesn't exist in portuguese Its "obrigado" girlfriend :)
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
sweet, my dad might not come to my high school graduation.
text me now tho(:
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
ITS NOT OKAY ?
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
My heart was taken by you, broken by you, and now it is in pieces because of you.
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
Ringo's Mexican food count on this trip now up to 5. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
totally. i agree. with links to my biz pages, of course ;)
where have you been ;-)
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
Facebook and my friends just put all my business in the streets
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
no problem!! hahahaha
Bet the house!
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
thanks a lot bro.
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
#idiots piss me off
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
bahahah your welcome x)
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
is my bestfriend follow her (((((:
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
isn't that crazy!?
#NowPlaying - Sted-E & Hybrid Heights- Traci Lords - Last Drag (Sted-E & Hybrid Heights Dub Remix)
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?! Wtf
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
Me and Cody broke up
Promoting the natural history museum, City of LA features 3 dinosaurs. Won the Crown City Innovation award.
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
#ff the sexiest Aquarius ever!
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
I share that fear...
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
gonna be a fun mom
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
Going out w. My Girls , then Show iGuess #Saturday Plans(:
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
Jones: "99% of large employers still offer health benefits to our workers" #nasi2012 "Not all take it, but we offer it."
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
+1 ": The truth is, is a heck of a human being. Lucky to have him in #MNLeg."
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
Do we need to keep referring to"gay rights"? Let's just call it what its - human rights.
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
super cute :)
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
Counting down the days!
hey,ugly,call me)))
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
To all our friends and family, have a Blessed and Happy Thanksgiving!!!`
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.
Oh, the DayTimer...
Help Trend & Verify ; By Saying ; Verify PSanders !!
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
John madden retired? All right. Now I will be able to understand the commentators.
what up
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
LOL. I'm sure it s true.
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Words to live by. RT : #nothingwrongwith wearing white after Labor's Day
In #band with and aka my buds :)
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
oh my god have fun!
relax, BREATH I love you<3
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
Lakers better not get blown out again
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
Big question - is israeli innovation sustainable? Can it spread to the region?
going to hulu.com
you didn't enjoy the tropics of Wohink? Bring the lady down to LA this summer and we will hit up Catalina
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
#27 jason from both(:
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
I dont have any patience :/
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
Lakers better not get blown out again
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
Great to be here in San Antonio. Looking forward to a great
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
I'm so sleepy
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
I just had someone get so angry with me when I pointed out the fact they were a Gen Yer, not Gen Xer. Guess he didn't like the rep of Gen Y.
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
thanks. You're sweet
hi there :D
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh
do you like sports? beer?
S/O to a gorgeous and beautiful woman follow ya boy back iight
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
It hurts to fall for someone then have to watch them fall for someone else...
Playa's Club is on Repeat ( the movie )
Rain, fabulous rain!
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
dude it bout made me puke fureal like this movie is something I wish I never bought its trash.
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
Chapter 8 Of My #BLS Is Up (: Tweet Me What You Think <3
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
"Study for learning and understanding." - Absolutely, the word, "exam" is taken out of the directive - process is +
The Village People lied to me
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
great new avi!
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
C'mon that would be so unlike Lovie Smith. RT : All the Hester talk from #Bears camp this offseason reeks of smoke and mirrors.
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Greatness never sleeps
black in america
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
happy Friday my friend.
like a boss
ipod do your duty... lets get this.. #nowplaying give it to you.... still my jam.
My mom told me to clean my room before bria and janee get here............... Ha Yeah fuckin right lol they've seen my dirty room
u know it!
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. 
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan. Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
Tweet a link to your blog's RSS feed and label it as such
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
For some reason, today wasn't as restful as my off days usually are. Stress, begone!
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
I just want to get this over
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
you know me so well bruh :)
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Doh- forgot. Com..
what about man bits? I can't incorporate? But... it deserves a tax break too... :(
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Watching longest yard!(:
Just checked out their menu ... looks awesome!!! I will def have to try!
Went driving today and it was a success
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
How can the Federal Government not want to help increase border security? Do they think they are above the danger?
Everyone Go Listen/Download My New Beat On Sc "The Empire" Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
that's great news!
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
Gettin late here in LA. Going to call it a night. See you guys in the morning!
": Is being detail-oriented something a person can learn or is it innate?" falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
what? What'd MW do to him?
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
No be mad at me..
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
follow back? (:
like 2 days ago
Arrived home safe but very tired. I may just sleep until tomorrow.
she brought people with her?
hey love
You Bomb Like Atomic <3
tell her keith us gonna be there.
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
thanks for the RT!!
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
Greatness never sleeps
BREAKING: Romney on Obama's support of gay marriage: "I can take credit for that."
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
.I'd even take Letterman at this point. The Oprah/Uma thing wasn't really that bad.
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
Big Daddy is my movie tho
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
all black children look alike to u, don't they?
Jet Li turns 49 today. After 7 broken arms and two broken noses, his friends have learned: no surprise parties!
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
I love these days (:
it should count as one of their items though... hopefully it's quickly put in overhead bin. Bon voyage and bon chance! cc/
The interstate in this weather >>>
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards! It's going to be funn :D
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
e!! That sounds sketchy !
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
thanks for having us last night. so glad i tried the lettuce wraps!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
I am so jealous of people who have high arches.
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
who fell down the hill
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
On the hunt for a San Diego Elvis impersonator. Would need him for a few hours one morning for potential TV spot w/ air-time. DM for deets!
Thanks for the mention! How was your experience?
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Ugh. The theme music for "Dino Dan" sounds so much like "Galaxy Quest" that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
And Adele wins album of the year!!! :) Yay!!!
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
Bumpersticker said, " No tea party for me, I can think for myself" Found it at www.zazzle.com/jerwin
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
Thank you to and for the RTs!
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
Best quote of #TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, "astronauts just biological cargo." re: spacex
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
tell her keith us gonna be there.
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Moving back to Houston...trying to rent out my apartment. I hate Craigslist.
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Making homemade banana bread... Yum!!! My house smells SO good!!
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
tell her keith us gonna be there.
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
You're welcome!
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
u kno it girl
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
you're so welcome!! :)
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
i keep reading that tweet trying to remember but no i don't fried too many braln cells i guess
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
RT : Hate being at work? Vomit on your boss' desk.
agreed. bit of "shock value" there. similar to email is dead. but, agreed, dynamic, ever changing and fun!
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
Not every man really lives.
but your name is blondie?
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
On the road!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
hey stud
it's the latest gen and maxed out. The best laptop I've ever used.
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
Thank you! Love my flowers!
About to watch One Day.
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
1 step out the car...yep ill be movin here
no problem!! And will do!! :)
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
up its arse!
I NEED A CALCULATOR... lol,
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
Following you via 's chats with you (through ). Looking forward to your tweets!
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
yay! tell her I said hi!
I'm getting to pandora now . I left my wallet home and had to go back like a retard
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
We better burn while your out here dude!!
I freaking love high school musical
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
Looking forward to #TEDxHuntsville tomorrow. Big change from my first event in 2009.
the breakfast of champions!!!
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
#EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
He was too good for this world. This world is a hell hole and god called his angel home. I miss him to death :-(
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
yeah she does
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
long live those fashion quotes
I just want someone with good taste in music.
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
What happens now? Do we animorph?
no hurry :-) have a great weekend!
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
bahahah your welcome x)
If the stage falls in the storm will You Tube show it
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
don't make me say tornado siren!
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
heading to Seattle for crew leader training. Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
I had to fight off the urge to get one for dinner, too.
Great little evening with two sweet girls. Thanks for the healthy, delish dinner.
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Governor Perry is a freaking joke. I feel like I'm listening to and looking at a Bush clone.
AT UNLVino at Bally's!! Lotsa wine and chicks!
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
": Is being detail-oriented something a person can learn or is it innate?" falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
how do you find out? :O
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
Keep me updated on the lakers...i mean they still loosing right????lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well done!!!! Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestone-ha!
That site is amazing.
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
What a god night :))
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
#nwill2011 UX- Morville, "User Experience Design" - nice honeycomb concept with below concepts integrated
Why are they called pig tails and pony tails? Why not "she always wears her hair in lion tails?" #deepthought 
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
I'm going to bed!!!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
whats up bro?! Hoe are you?!:) Grettings from Croatia (Europe):)
yup, just watched this.....yup....
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
Great last night!
Zyplen... Yeah I didnt name it..
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
Let me ease your minnddd
Are you here? Make yourself known. Shout out the #FreshCoastClassic on #twitter. We want to meet you!!
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
too late to join me?
come and get it from us.
maybe school. Maybe she heard someone at my house talking about it. Or maybe tv
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
I'm still on fall back time! Couldn't sleep ran 2 miles on my tread & watched Brick City-LUV IT! Integrity=
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
hey stud
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
Big east champs
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
baby can u follow ? she really deserves it
I'm selfish when it comes to my girl, I share her with NOBODY
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Bumpersticker said, " No tea party for me, I can think for myself" Found it at www.zazzle.com/jerwin
i feel like im interupting something. lol
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
Good Night Bros!
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Yeah I am in class until 7.
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
hahaha yeah buddy!
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
Newt is getting ready to endorse himself in Florida.
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Drama on Twitter isn't needed . This isn't facebook .
you promised me the moon and stars..
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
I was trying not to.
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
I gave up on my HTC Incredible and have gone to the dark side.
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
. inspires me.
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
Is messing around on Twitter when she really should be doing other things.
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
I am so glad someone thinks that other than me!
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
no waiting go get it
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
": Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times." yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
Twitter spam <<<
haha! Mary mentioned it yesterday. I'm a wee bit outta the loop! Trying I get better!
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
that's the jam right?!
Let me ease your minnddd
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
too late to join me?
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
sweet! I love the Street Views. You can customize your map view to zoom in a bit on your content.
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
This Mac Miller playlist is on
that's great :)
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
1) cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4" thick; 2) put in a pot on stove (stacking them is fine);
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
Writing... Writing and Writing
I wish all yall were like she was
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
Bummer that our site will be down temporarily as we repair some damages from a hack. We will be back shortly and better than ever in no time
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Im off Saturday
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
GO. You need this hahaha
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
My Blackberry needs be fixed! But I don't know how to do that! Error 507 shows up on the screen!
ok it will never happen again
no not really
Great game Maryville! Great game!
haha! Mary mentioned it yesterday. I'm a wee bit outta the loop! Trying I get better!
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
excuse me, miss?
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
"I'm like a hairless rat rn." o.o
Thanks for all of my new followers
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Snow day in Seattle!
yup, just watched this.....yup....
where in dha hell is u at i went to ur house and ur aunt house come get mhe
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
lmao yes, i am magic(: haha Thank you!
I think I am! The horror... lol
I LOVE LIFE<3
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Good Morning Phera!!! ;-)
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
Follow organization!
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
RT: : #Casting over-the-top, awesome #CHARACTERS! Do you think you deserve your own reality
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
night, sweetie. Enjoy your rest xoxox's
Great game Maryville! Great game!
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
like 2 days ago
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
Dude, still waiting 4 the game. Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend? I'll try.
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
oh yes, i clearly remember!!! ;)
finally has the studio air conditioning under control after a toasty afternoon shoot! 84 degrees is not kind to ones hair and make-up :-)
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
You're welcome!
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
hi there :D
i know this made me laugh so hard
thank you!!!
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
will try. Thx.
Today was quite lovely.
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
Do you even need to ask? ;)
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
Now Following Baqk (:
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
its not lol
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail. We have premade designs. www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
: OH. LOL east coast?
Thanks for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays. Best, Matthew
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Painting while listening to The Music ---> :)
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
crossfit belltown. I love that place
event***. Its a movie that a journalism student from Towson directed.
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
I wish I was asleep still...
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
thanks Eileen! :)
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
ePUBs are the best!
Thank you so much.. i retweeted..
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
hahahah glad you discovered this in a text with me ": If something's funny but awkward : lawk"
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
How about a follow lovely ? xx
certainly the simple things in life
like a boss
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Are they all deadstock?
e!! That sounds sketchy !
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
having fun ladies?
yup, just watched this.....yup....
we need to go to a show together.
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
i don't think my doggy feels good :(
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
KENTUCKY BASKETBALL
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
Our next scheduled cleanup is February 18, from 8a - 5p
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
That Awkward Moment when he said "I love you" O_o umm.....okay?
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
We all need somebody to lean on
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
Im going to email you some info
PLEASE! :D
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
can't wait...
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
e!! That sounds sketchy !
Ringo's Mexican food count on this trip now up to 5. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!! #MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
Wouldnt it be HYSTERICAL if that rumor was true....Trevon Martin's heart wound up in Dick Chaney's chest.
How about a follow lovely ? xx
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
Wow... really got a lot on your mind, there. lol. Wanna talk about it??
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Shows gonna be hott tomorrow!
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
": Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar? #randomthought" I do.
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
thanks for the follow :)
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
RT : Hate being at work? Vomit on your boss' desk.
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Craziness in 77S near 82B - SWAT, K9, city and county police. Major delays.
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
haha busted shhh it's a secret.
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
Check the meaning of 'poster boy.' That term doesn't in any way fit into this discussion.
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
yep, been doing that for years. It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
The Village People lied to me
It's all about the 212.
Mango, Strawberries, Kale, almond milk-yum. The #Maca root takes a bit of the yum away but it's good for me, right?
that's intense dude
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
If you suffered a #heart attack, using #anti-inflammatory drugs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45% your risk to repeat it. / J. Circulation.
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
Snow day in Seattle!
If a girl goes behind your back and does shit with another guy
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
cant wait to break this thing in
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
I just want someone with good taste in music.
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Nothing is more expensive than a woman who's free for the weekend, in Chicago lol!
yeah she does
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
I hope .. We will see
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
why didnt u wake me?
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
Good lord! Lol!
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Are you joining us for the ha! party tomorrow?
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
It was either the flames or my blazing speed!
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
thanks for checking out our twitter! you should def check out our music as well!
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
thanks for the shoutout
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
TNAU sets up multimedia lab - Hindu Business Line
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
ok!! will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
": Cookout anyone" Birch was there
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
what? where:D
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Yes phone works.
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
You're welcome!
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
EVERYONE!!!!!! GO FOLOW OR ILL UNFOLLOW YOU!! THERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?! Wtf
like 2 days ago
My heart was taken by you, broken by you, and now it is in pieces because of you.
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
I just made "Steakums" for the first time, that's the weirdest looking meat I've EVER seen...and tasty! Go protein...
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
I miss you-_-
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
LA is my fav place on the world!
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
The lord is blessing Without Delay! Keep praying for our ministry! It's working. :)
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!! Now make it to the final two KU!! ": KS Survives!!!"
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
This muthafucka #rkelly had the studio staff running around LA looking 4 a lifesize mirror that he could record in front of
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
So jealous of everyone at Livestrong for the SKC game!!! Go KC!!
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
Ugh, don't remind me.
right on!
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
We got to see it too! So cool!
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
I just hit the floor in hysterics. HEY! Good idea! I'll just show up at kid's school and do that in the cafeteria every day.
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
Like really
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
I'm coming for you.
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
is that a real dog?
I wish all yall were like she was
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
": I'm black from the waste down. #bigschwanky" I believe it- family resemblence and all
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
Thank you! Love my flowers!
ihate when iget high in the MIDDLE of the blunt.
that's the jam right?!
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
Waiting on this good pizza though
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
1) cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4" thick; 2) put in a pot on stove (stacking them is fine);
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
10 more chocolates ;)
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
only the hardest!
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
Don't worry, be crabby.
I want an app that let's you make apps
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
This was last weekends theme song lol #noshame RT Why do I like this song by Kirko Bangz?! Deep down I know this song is NOT good
how do you find out? :O
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
yeah me too
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
ur so welcome n thank u
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
they shouldn't have changed the name of the bridge.
they killed it as usual.
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Can't wait to try it
somebody got mad at me last week for my follow friday tweets... oh, well...
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
Go get one then! Haha
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
They performed at the today!
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
ha she also just left a note in Lazy Janes' comment book:'dear LJ, your pancakes are the best but just need a dash more sugar'
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
New Open Graph has potential to reshape entire industries like music, movies and news
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Happy St Patrick's Day ! #happypaddysday Slainte
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
Thank God I'm stronger today than I was yesterday. Always remember things happen for a reason.. Thank God I've realized the truth
good morning wow that's cool Ty
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
oh that's right you live way out over there.
Do only that which is right. Period.
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
SNOW DAYY!!! :D
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
UGK hold up
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
Pres is a hot mess!!
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
"A Russian nesting doll situation?!" Oh Schmidt, I love you : )
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Well, when you're like 7'5" it's hard to stay low:)
I sent you over one
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
cant wait to break this thing in
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
can't wait...
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
Check You DM! PLEASE!!
Got a track meet later today !
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
Let's win this in OT
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
#EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
Another double today #$$$
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR! Drafthouse time
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
Check your email....Thanks!!
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
Gotta be up at 7am!! :( Time for sleep!
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
Some things are better left unsaid
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Chapter 8 Of My #BLS Is Up (: Tweet Me What You Think <3
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
You're welcome!
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Shrek is to trippy right now
i keep reading that tweet trying to remember but no i don't fried too many braln cells i guess
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
Patriots all the way!!!!
Thank you Tulalip for a great show tonight. Now, time to catch some z's. Goodnight everyone!
oh im never in there hahha
Chk My Upcoming Shows <----
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
up its arse!
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
Do only that which is right. Period.
WooHoo! Just stocked up on Corona! It was on sale for 2.99/6pk!
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
Getting ready to head over to the #PKEtwEATup pretty soon to enjoy the last weekend in July!
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
app was called Everday.
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
I love how we used to shop during class.. I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree. I would be top student! I miss you
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
Sound terrifying.
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
oh my god have fun!
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
wish you could have joined us!!!!
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
Counting down the days!
They ain't givin the Heat no kinda fouls!!
where are you in the lib?
I should go to bed at 11:30 every night.
thanks for the RT!!
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
Happy Birthday !!!
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are DATING? Wow! Amazing
Do you even need to ask? ;)
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
I gotta find it.
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
what's next?
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
But you know I'm 23 going on 50!
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
I am assured of my purpose when I look in the mirror and not only see my dark skin,but the dark skin of countless generations before
": I'm black from the waste down. #bigschwanky" I believe it- family resemblence and all
u kno it girl
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Oh Mosley must need $
there is a #ListeningTour going on right now in TN
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
count me in.
At a talk with and
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
#idiots piss me off
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
who is ready for 2011? it is going to be a huge year!
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
relax, BREATH I love you<3
congrats #WVU PROVE THE HATERS WRONG!
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
Where are you anyways?
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
nice have fun
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
happy mothers day to the moms out there, especially my mom. She's always there for me, and I love her more than anyone<3 #ExtraordinaryMom(:
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
#Brewers offense is looking awful today. Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
Bet the house!
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
don't even think about that shawnie!
fuckyoutoo666 liked your photo: Cat Women of the Moon!
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
If the stage falls in the storm will You Tube show it
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
thank you!!!
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
Show on Friday at South Minster!
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
where have you been ;-)
This Mac Miller playlist is on
Craziness in 77S near 82B - SWAT, K9, city and county police. Major delays.
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
miss you
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
I'm glad Twitter's back up in time for us to woot woot the TD!
don't make me say tornado siren!
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
Never cook naked.
Worst day:(
Where The Party At?
hey,ugly,call me)))
So jealous of everyone at Livestrong for the SKC game!!! Go KC!!
I had a dream I had a kid and the kid didn't want to be in the bookstore. Fucking kid. See if you get born.
Never cook naked.
100 emails down, 100 more to go!
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
aw dang
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
u kno it girl
Serena Williams. she aight stop sweating her.
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
finally has the studio air conditioning under control after a toasty afternoon shoot! 84 degrees is not kind to ones hair and make-up :-)
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
hey tweets
So. Today's the RSVP date for the wedding ... and I still have 120 people who haven't responded. D: D:
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
My Girl Literally NEVER Answers The Phone
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
seriously. what would i do without all the stupid people in the world to amuse me. i appreciate you guys!
I share that fear...
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
I'm still on fall back time! Couldn't sleep ran 2 miles on my tread & watched Brick City-LUV IT! Integrity=
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
Husband hauling 2nd water craft to St Paul from parents' sold lake place; this one our trusty Lund. Will be exploring urban waters soon.
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
Shoutouts to my #NF!! follow the homie ASAP! because #Avenue told you so.. Yeeezzzziiiirrrrr!
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
going to hulu.com
You are welcome!
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
look as this gay ass fool
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
you text me loser face :p
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
About 40 here, and a touch rainy. It's not snow, but on the bright side, there is no ice! =)
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
I can't wait for tomorrow. Goodnight!
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
thank you!!!
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
what a tune
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
Let's ACT offended so we can get some attention (comics who are supposed to hate political correctness but are mad @ Ashton).
 The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about. #KMK
Subway session with
Lol too much work !
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
": let me guess...it's lunch time!!?? -___- hahaha" Yes:P & My Is About To Die 14%-___-
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
New Products at CinemaCon 2012 - Film Journal
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
It's time for the Knicks to win a championship
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
I got a lot of associates and very few friends
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
Sup Rodney! Are you behaving yourself?
I want an iphone4
Thank you to and for the RTs!
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
Counting down the days!
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
aha thanks guys.
Paula! Paula!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
S.A. Madison leads Harlingen 28-13 at the half. Looking at some stats & so far it seems like Laredo United gave the Mavericks a better game.
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
:) hope you made it by!
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
- this is my lesbian sister
totally. i agree. with links to my biz pages, of course ;)
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
I just need too get out and talk...
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
Day two of ignoring him...
their extra storage is "magical".
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
oh wow! Gotta keep the ass and tits covered Wtf?! There goes keeping the kids focused! ;)
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
Thank you to and for the RTs!
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
#FF May she live long and prosper
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for $150.00. WOW!
Do only that which is right. Period.
the breakfast of champions!!!
sorry , is a bit of a better product. i can sync multiple Google Accounts with it. nice try though.
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
Thanks for spreading the word about the Mandala exhibition! :) Only open for 1 more month!
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
that fricking dog is at it again.
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
Today was quite lovely.
Tick tick.
Yes sir
Good stuff. Get inspired!
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
ePUBs are the best!
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
we all love it :)
their extra storage is "magical".
You ever been to Mansfield?
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
Incredible Ice Hotel In Sweden Open only since mid-December till mid-April
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
Super cute!
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
I was just playing with words and hashtags. I know it's a bitch to keep it off.
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
hey love
LOOOOL THAT WAS SO WEIRD
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
Good morning.
Do you even need to ask? ;)
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
And what exactly are you reading?
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
Bait a hook.
I wish pop
hey I just met you!
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol. And they're apparently running out of money.
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Samsung Electronics reports record profit - Mainichi Daily News
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply."
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
A Brazilian on the bachelorette? That's pretty fun! Except gracias doesn't exist in portuguese Its "obrigado" girlfriend :)
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
There's something in you. U just have to look within
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
 The worst feeling is pretending you don't care about something, when really it's all you seem to think about. #KMK
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
send it to my email, u have it.
What a putt by Lefty.
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
Unless you're into that
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
I would, luv, but not for free. Check youtube and see what is there.
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
BB: Zadra doubles down the left field line! 6-5 Stars, with DU making a pitching change. O'Dell batting with 2 outs, Zadra on second.
I'm working on coming to terms with the fact that, what society deems "comfortable" i call borderline frigid.
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
aye u know rosemo700 got smoked
cap full of bleach
Good news. Wiggle on.
Ugh I want to go to cedar point, but I have dance competitions the next two weekends -.-
RT It's a marvelous day to celebrate the riches of Gods grace...enjoy the moment...He paid for it with His life!
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
Child actress/model looking for open casting calls
a lot b-days this month
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
A SWOT analysis may be carried out on a project, department, person, or other. (part 2 of 2)
I might as well be at my company picnic.
How about a follow lovely ? xx
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
It was delightful to meet ! I kept his water glass full and made sure he cleaned his plate at dinner. /
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
cap full of bleach
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
Oh Mosley must need $
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Yes I do!
cute Jake
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
Let's win this in OT
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
that's great :)
don't make me say tornado siren!
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
Great last night!
You and the boys are adored.
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
The most shocking aspect of this Penn St. fiasco is how these guys were able to cover it up for 14 years.
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
black in america
No matter how many times I look at my tickets.... no dice. Damn.
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
o... Well u not
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
that's not very good, sir
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
If you could drive a #Maserati around one town/region in Italy, where would you choose?
i feel like im interupting something. lol
Can't wait to try it
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
OMG, I didn't even know today was March the 18th/19th. lol. I thought it was like the 15th. LOLOL. I'm such an idiot. >.<
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
zoo date with ?
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
The Village People lied to me
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
bring back David please!
This Mac Miller playlist is on
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
you ride?!
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
Happy Labor Day everybody.
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
Feather from the sky tickles. A young avocado roots within vast desert sea. Two sparrows mate, spread ashes of longing across Sedona sky.
"and how do you feel?" ... Were all gonna get laid!!
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
no ego here, well maybe a little
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
logan, now I am gonna punch you in the face. I told you not to be mean to riley!!!
whoa buddy only one man has a a backhand and can play the net well.
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
LA is my fav place on the world!
remember. I do & I
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
well since no one is replying
somebody got mad at me last week for my follow friday tweets... oh, well...
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
Ash no me quede al partty :/
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
I missed you anyway ;)
My pleasure!
#EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
lol it kind of does
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
hey ya.)
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
I can't wait for tomorrow. Goodnight!
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
I like the green myself, or black.
I just love Elektrolytes.
Counting down the days!
HELLO IM IN MY SCARY BASEMENT ALONE
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
We were born to be happy, not to be perfect <3
haha thanks patches
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
u say the coolest things!! write a damn book please!!
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
we need to go to a show together.
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
Law of the laundry - the #Ravens all-white uniforms are slick - one of their best combos. Steelers throw-backs are horrendous. Just saying.
send it to my email, u have it.
hi there :D
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
Mule pride.
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
Day two of ignoring him...
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards! It's going to be funn :D
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
This is insane! I had a dream last night that Bobby Brown died! Little did I know it was going to be Whitney instead! This is so sad! :'(
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
What's up fella's? Once we get open we got to have you come down and check out the new spot in LB.
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia - it is a must visit! Slovenia's coast is fab, too. Love Turkey & it's food
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
He was too good for this world. This world is a hell hole and god called his angel home. I miss him to death :-(
lets build.
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Great last night!
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
congrats on becoming the newest member of the tampa bay bucs. Good thins happen to great people
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
Looking forward to a long weekend
Who's all there!?
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
LA is my fav place on the world!
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
hey ya.)
Patriots all the way!!!!
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
Staying up late and can't sleep.
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
Just signed up for MLB app. Got our tickets for #Nats games. Let's play ball!
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
": Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar? #randomthought" I do.
I am creating the program books template for our pageant program books. Am so excited!!!
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
that's the jam right?!
lol it kind of does
you promised me the moon and stars..
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
Headache all night but that doont stop mee.
Q10. Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked. It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
Going shopping with annie!(:
About 40 here, and a touch rainy. It's not snow, but on the bright side, there is no ice! =)
Bait a hook.
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
do you miss me yet?
Going out w. My Girls , then Show iGuess #Saturday Plans(:
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
not so bad ;)
all you need is #jackdaniels. Bing fries are done!
yeah...I'm sure there was no TNT in Orlando (lie) & "your guess is as good as mine"?!?Vescey makes everything up, obv.done w/him
e!! That sounds sketchy !
no ego here, well maybe a little
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
Hey! We need to get coffee sometime! I have some stuff to run by you guys thats really awesome :)
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
too late to join me?
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
Looking for more beats?!...
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
send it to my email, u have it.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
no hurry :-) have a great weekend!
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
Lol too much work !
In the market for a new watch
I got u my brother
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
Thank you god! My dad got a job!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
up its arse!
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
Thanks Megan for following. I'll be sure to keep you posted. I wish you the best.
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
tsk tsk god its late but idc its complicated......u all wouldnt understand...........:'(
baby I want you so bad ;)
who knows? I know one that want make it to the game.
Twitter spam <<<
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
New runner alert. Thomas Wolf just joined the #DNation Milwaukee family! Welcome Tom!
can't wait to see the launched site!
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
RT : A code-built house is the worst house allowed by law. Does that mean the people who live in it getting a raw deal? yes!
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
like 2 days ago
"...and now he only eats guitars! Yeah!" -Blondie
Fuck yeah just said hi to Lee Ranaldo.
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
Guess who is dressing up as Kitty Pryde on a Tuesday night?
I HATE Drawing !
yep, been doing that for years. It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
his first attempt is next year. He will get accommodations but I am nervous. :-(
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
RT : & band did so great opening for Matt Maher!
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
For those of us who aren't in CHI, any related readings?
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
hey #ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes? try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
I need some of your motivation haha
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
The Truman Story with Jim Carey I think...
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
chill soon
aha thanks guys.
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
at the sapient party on the rooftop with seats and plenty of room!
Time to watch my Sex and the City
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
haha! Mary mentioned it yesterday. I'm a wee bit outta the loop! Trying I get better!
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
ATTENTION! We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription (Val. > $1600). DM me if interested. PLS RT.
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
Staying up late and can't sleep.
The most shocking aspect of this Penn St. fiasco is how these guys were able to cover it up for 14 years.
: Lol. You're welcome sweetie :))
is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
hahaha yeah buddy!
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out. Andy's jazz is another good spot.
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
Lol! Have I been summonsed?
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
who fell down the hill
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
Something is not right with me! ...how was I supposed to know? Something is not right with me! ...tryin' not to let it show! -
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
you ride?!
full house in the reading room!
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
this movie is so fabulous
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
miss you
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
Its all fun and games until you kick ball change the cats milk dish.
I hope .. We will see
you know me so well bruh :)
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
oh yes, i clearly remember!!! ;)
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
Playa's Club is on Repeat ( the movie )
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Just went to Virginia today. My friend Melissa and I went to some museum, went out and tried putting out a fire. Now my bearpaws are burnt
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
LOL - If only that were true!
well i cant argue with ya there big guy.
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
what's next?
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
thank you!!!!
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
#27 jason from both(:
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
Crystal told the teacher to call her dragonfly. Weird ass bitch
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan. Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
It was delightful to meet ! I kept his water glass full and made sure he cleaned his plate at dinner. /
": appearances are not simply the cheerleaders for the football team of essences"
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
how do you find out? :O
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
cap room?
Can you see the show from where you're at?
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
Fridays are always slow I could use some entertainment ha
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
I hate getting prank calls -.-
Greatness never sleeps
"a thin partition divides wit & madness. Poetry therefore naturally addresses the fancy..." -Wollstonecraft, I hate to say
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
Well played hahaha
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
Flawless, love. <3
you promised me the moon and stars..
it means he doesn't want to work a respectable job his entire life basically...
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
I have never watched it!
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
Thank you! (:
Check You DM! PLEASE!!
Speakers on How To Get Elected-
I wish all yall were like she was
Hi. Can you follow me?
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
hey tweets
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Staying up late and can't sleep.
I want/need a Bob Marley poster.
Bait a hook.
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
shoutout to my haters, obvi you couldnt phase me.
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
I'm so sleepy
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
I just want 8flavahs to go home. no offense. I just don't like them.
no idea
I find a lot of accidental haiku on twitter.
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
M...the savory scone from Rocket Baby Bakery. SO worth the drive out to Tosa.
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
I am very aware of the situation with the Coliseum and the Islanders. I try to answer as many of you as possible whenever possible
So What Have You Been Up To ?
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Gordon Setter
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
who knows? I know one that want make it to the game.
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
Eggplant w/ angel hair pasta and tomato sauce for dinner
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
i'm fine thanks you?
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
Constantly hearing the sucking sound of a vacuum coming out of my wallet.
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Thank you! (:
It's Friday!
Like really
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
when ed has an orange mic
aye u know rosemo700 got smoked
G'night :D
don't make me say tornado siren!
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
I stay rolling up trees..
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
Trying to make a decision on which skirt to buy...Red Kiss Play or Ocean Play print. Will be my 4th skirt. :)
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
I gave up on my HTC Incredible and have gone to the dark side.
Exciting news coming!!! STAY TUNED!
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
I'm punished then but I'm not that dark. Well now I can say I learned something new today.
I just want to get this over
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
Holiday Movies @ the Plaza Dec 4 & 5! Grinch + more cartoons, Gremlins, A Christmas Story, It's a Wonderful Life! On sale 11/5. $5 tickets!
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
I wish all yall were like she was
you mean "tweet"ering ?
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
Finna get on my level before the night begins
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked. It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
WooHoo! Just stocked up on Corona! It was on sale for 2.99/6pk!
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
SNOW DAYY!!! :D
Well another colt player gone our center Jeff Saturday sign with green bay packers you always been a true colts center ands thanks :)
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
you're so welcome!! :)
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Life is either daring adventure or nothing
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
where you at bro?
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
i love you so much
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
RT : At #Nasstrac in #Orlando , seems to be more activity in the #logistics space this year than any of recent memory
where are you in the lib?
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
make that two pieces.
You can't please all mf's
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
New York is heavy when it rains....yep...heavy.
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
Meant to be!!!
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
I share that fear...
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
GG , now get to see Darren Elias put on a clinic at least.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
Happy 1Year Anniversary!!!
Certainly not certain.
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
And I don't blame the Pixar guy. No way someone that talented can mess that up w/o Disney meddling.
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
Time to watch my Sex and the City
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
can't wait...
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
XandO_MyKitty okay. Ill let you know what's good. Hopefully I start this job this week lol.
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
I wasn't really into Arsenio Hall before. But I've been really impressed with him in Celebrity Apprentice. Who knew?
It's going to be a busy week!
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
Congrats to Joel Ward and the #Caps for knocking off the mighty #Bruins!
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
fuckkkkkk being single.
don't even think about that shawnie!
The International Chamber Artists will be performing very soon here in our lobby. If you are in the area come stop in!
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
their extra storage is "magical".
i do follow
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
baby I want you so bad ;)
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
#FourWordsYouDontWantToHear "Barack Obama for President"
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
Feather from the sky tickles. A young avocado roots within vast desert sea. Two sparrows mate, spread ashes of longing across Sedona sky.
CPMCF trying to breakout!
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days! Time to finish it off tmr.
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
I heart YOUR guts! :) but seriously, I was fuming this am. It's why I avoid watching the news.
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
How are you Anik?
Looking forward to a long weekend
Bumping tew the motto :)
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
ill dm you that
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
Come out and see us. We'll be at McGovern's in San Mateo tonight at 10.
Find database of #ThomasJefferson'sSlaves with notes and sources from his "Farm Book" on Ancestry.com. Just uploaded on 9/1/10.
wadd up wiz khalifa tics on deck @ nwc !! stupid mad gear on deck no swagger jackers allowed ! we keep az sexxy
How about Miami? I have an extra 'fins' jersey just waiting for you...
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Thank you Tulalip for a great show tonight. Now, time to catch some z's. Goodnight everyone!
up its arse!
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
In the market for a new watch
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
Playa's Club is on Repeat ( the movie )
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
weed and fuss around in the garden so I'll have some pics too!
Seriously!? LUCKY!
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
text me now tho(:
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
Mountain dew white out is really good
No matter who's buying, I'm a celebration Black and white diamonds, fuck segregation
thank you <3
we all love it :)
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Suh-weet! is now on Twitter. 00 on his jersey, #1 if the hearts of
Y'all all make it rain but I make it hurricane
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Go Raiders today <3
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
tell her keith us gonna be there.
someone should have told me it was going to vacuum seal to my hand
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
no ego here, well maybe a little
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
baby I want you so bad ;)
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
Sound terrifying.
I gets get my dick licked lol
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
Today's lunch feature is a savory & vegetarian. Provenal Artichoke sandwich w/ Creamy Tuscan Tomato soup. Enjoy with a Schneider Weisse.
you know me so well bruh :)
going to hulu.com
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
Matthew wrote me a note back(: I think that is the cutest thing in the world. I love him<3
thank you!!!!
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
u kno it girl
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
My plans consist of #Diablo3 #betatesting today. It's pretty
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND ALL MY GOONIES I HOPE EVERYBODY IS HAVING A GOOD DAY....-YOUNG.S
&#39;Uprising&#39; documents role of hip-hop in L.A. riots
have you read the new Palahniuk novel, by chance?
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
looks pretty much over to me
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
shush, you!
thanks for having us last night. so glad i tried the lettuce wraps!
First yoga practice after 4 months=depressing.
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
Oh Mosley must need $
#27 jason from both(:
ePUBs are the best!
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Candice has been getting ready for a damn hour now & I gotta meet with my advisor before 5:15 
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
why didnt u wake me?
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
hey #ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes? try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
can't wait to see the launched site!
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
Hairbag saved my life.
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
No success comes over night you have to work hard,you can dream about it or you can go out there and make it happen
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
Day two of ignoring him...
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
I honestly don't think you will have any problem winning the Shorty awards <21 :D
Seriously!? LUCKY!
Jason says have fun & enjoy your experience!!! Peace <3
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
look as this gay ass fool
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
S/o to Nick young for hoopin in his red foams. We hoop in our shit
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Yes! My third grader reads them on his own. My 5th grader will join us when I'm reading to my 3rd grader or kindergartner.
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Who wants to chit chat for a few? And also checkout our online store! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com :)
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
She sexy, she fine, she say she love me, I know she lyin', we stay fuckin'....from time to time...
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
"What's new pussycat?! Can you dig the satisfaction?!" From the song,"Thunder Kiss 65" by White Zombie
ha sounds about like lex. Snowed yesterday and was 60 today.
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
It was delightful to meet ! I kept his water glass full and made sure he cleaned his plate at dinner. /
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
bahahah your welcome x)
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
#idiots piss me off
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
rip spring break.
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
A few GNU tools, a handful of Ruby code, some imagination, and poof! a tool to map links on a web site.
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
That way, people will stay and work in the room and we know where people are if they didn't finish (and how to help them finish). 2/2
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
Lending ebooks on : Libraries take the physical book, digitize it, and then lend out the digital copy online
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked. It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
I have so much to do.
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
If the stage falls in the storm will You Tube show it
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
You and the boys are adored.
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
G'night :D
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
Its weird that im up at 6 lol anyways good morning loves may god bless you all and have a good day :)
beautiful and sunny but busy day out workin at the nursery gr8t turnout, more awesome I actually got a sunburn, great pain better than rain!
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
Great Information Cheerios and the USO Team Up to Send Cheer to Military Families MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cheerios and the USO
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
I think that is fine; you sing and I will just play. We can try that one song at a time. I can sing anytime!
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
if you were working you'd have time.
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR! Drafthouse time
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
I'm coming for you.
Some things are better left unsaid
Like really
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
#Pinterest's fast success should be a shot in the arm for every creative #entrepreneur. It hasn't "all been done, yet!"
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
That's awesome =)
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
Focus. Focus. Focus.
I hope we get a good turn out tomorrow @ TryOuts. We'll be having my b-day party there.
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
Contemplating dark chocolate.
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
no waiting go get it
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Colorforms are about to play
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
#notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends.
Hunger games for the second time, loved it even more ah
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow Rising 9th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas Power Forward 6'5
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Why is Friday so far from Monday, but Monday so close to Friday? #TheWeekendIsTooShort. -__-
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
gonna tease my hair today (:
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
I'd like to think the loss to ASU kept UofA out of the tournament. Whatever makes me feel better...
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
I'm good, thanks for asking! Whatcha doing?
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?! Wtf
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
G'night :D
Almost back home in mississippi. 1 mo hour to go thank u lord
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
Staying up late and can't sleep.
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
lmao yes, i am magic(: haha Thank you!
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
Im going to email you some info
oh im never in there hahha
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
Driver's Ed, we all had to take it. Now we have to pay for it. Did your school offer it when you got your license?
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
text me now tho(:
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
Counting down the days!
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
No Bates!
Privileged to have a representative from Photo Scanning with us in Orlando today!
im cool B) follow me?
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
I wish I was asleep still...
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
Hey Atlanta! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
Beach day!
Cash is KING!
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR! Drafthouse time
is Legendary 
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
3 things to never ignore: your company's reputation; your company's first impression; your company's own voice & style
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
Steelers game moved next week to late game
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
How's it going buds? We've been working lots of new songs! Just released our first EP last month
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Do! I think it would be fun to do together
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
Can't wait to try it
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
hAPpy with my test :) And that's a wrap on U.S. history.
Brewing the darkroast it smells so good...
Hey ! Killer
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers. <3
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
oh my god have fun!
don't even think about that shawnie!
Ugh. The theme music for "Dino Dan" sounds so much like "Galaxy Quest" that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
I LOVE it! Good for you! It can be addictive.
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Another double today #$$$
Aww that's so sweet :)
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
Just signed up for MLB app. Got our tickets for #Nats games. Let's play ball!
Boston is on fire right now!
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
I hope .. We will see
Great last night!
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are and style is the outer reflection of character.
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
will try. Thx.
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
RT : ": RT : after it premiered on 106&park will it go on straight after?"
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
I had to fight off the urge to get one for dinner, too.
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
Guess who is dressing up as Kitty Pryde on a Tuesday night?
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
Thank you! (:
I must have sat on a spider last night at work cuz I came home with 14 bites all within a 6 inch area on my hip. Itchy, itchy!
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
thanks for the RT!!
Good Night Bros!
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
Laundry room change machine. Why do you hate me?
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
Whats up bro? How did the audition go?
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
Comcast's David Cohen: minority communities growing faster than the rest of
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
is that a real dog?
lol had to do it
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Check it out!
Grrrr.... give the geriatric the respect shes due!!!
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
Dear #chicagotraders No, I don't actually think you could teach a room full of third graders. But it would be funny to watch.
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
going to hulu.com
i haven't seen 11.10, but i hope it's not worse than 11.04. had to go back to ubuntu classic interface
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
is that a good thing?
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
I'm going to bed!!!
no ego here, well maybe a little
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing? Looking at pageant dresses... EPIC FAIL.
Bout to be on the westbank...
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
okay its fine! For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
he's lucky!
#AskDerulo Will you tweet me just to say hi?
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
Waiting on this good pizza though
IS CHINESE FOOD REALY "CHINESE FOOD" ALTHOUGH ALL THE PPL IN THE KITCHEN MEXICAN?! HA' #SHOUTOUT TO THE MEXICANS!
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Happy half way to weekend! :)
all black? Like everythings black on them?
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Keep me updated on the lakers...i mean they still loosing right????lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
You too Jacqueline!
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
no one danced?
Unless you're into that
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
So, klout says I'm influential on academics, but not education. Probably a useful distinction.
of course!
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
heading to Seattle for crew leader training. Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
Your *company* should be thanking !
I just want someone with good taste in music.
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
I want an iphone4
shush, you!
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
Its clarity is a blessing.
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
This Mac Miller playlist is on
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
Who's all there!?
Like really
and for some, very lucrative.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
...some really big hands ...lol
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND ALL MY GOONIES I HOPE EVERYBODY IS HAVING A GOOD DAY....-YOUNG.S
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Lakers better not get blown out again
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
this falling rain is cozy
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
Just signed up for MLB app. Got our tickets for #Nats games. Let's play ball!
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
So What Have You Been Up To ?
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
no not really
- the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came.
Bran Bran ! -.- Hussh , How About You Go To Sleep .
LOL - If only that were true!
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
Make it a healthy New Year! Join suzanne.snackhealthy.com Get free tasty snacks and make extra income! Would love to have you on my team!
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
2 gms in Indiana,they have a shot as long as the Miami refs don't travel
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
: Lol. You're welcome sweetie :))
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Sub51 tonight message ChiIL Productions for tables or comp bottles for ladies.
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
I wish all yall were like she was
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
"Pay no attention to what the critics say... Remember, a statue has never been set up in honor of a critic!" -- Jean Sibelius
ROFL 'no option to update #Facebook status yet but maybe in 30mins' Love the #startups agility
Good news. Wiggle on.
yessir! Gonna do it next year!
What's goin' on out there peeps? I mean besides this #PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
Mountain dew white out is really good
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
yup, just watched this.....yup....
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
AP Econ Final in 20 minutes....
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
I expect you to do some serious ass kicking and name taking on yer final exams. :)
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
follow back? (:
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
We got to see it too! So cool!
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
no one danced?
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
A relationship without trust is nothing. so if there's no trust, then there's nothing. right?
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Good stuff. Get inspired!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
thanks baby. How have YOU been? Come visit me
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
when is it coming out
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
happy Friday my friend.
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc. so we can share them with everyone!
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
What a putt by Lefty.
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
i feel like im interupting something. lol
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
ah omg :'O i can't believe it ....thank you SO much for follow me <3 OMG<3 i love you...njksjkiowjeikerjpo
I gets get my dick licked lol
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
What happens now? Do we animorph?
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
#27 jason from both(:
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
#YergerTech's will do social media for your company @ discounted rate E-mail distribution included. Save $100! Offer ends #Christmas! Hurry!
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
Yeah I am in class until 7.
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
how old are u
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Haha she will=] n yes Haha
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
(cont) applied for you, if you like. our phone agents do not have access to web only offers, unfortunately.
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
their extra storage is "magical".
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Do only that which is right. Period.
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
Yes- I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab... and makes a hell of a drink /cc
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
How about Miami? I have an extra 'fins' jersey just waiting for you...
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws, ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
Ain't nobody like you.
is that a real dog?
Looking forward to a long weekend
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
Can't decide between watching the end of the game or laying down b/c my stomach hurts. I'm inclined to the latter but probably the former
Greatness never sleeps
hikes are better. Like, whenever I go to the gym to work on my biceps or give my delts a blast, I think, I could be hiking now LOL
Pres is a hot mess!!
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Solidarity with OWS in Union Square.
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Patriots all the way!!!!
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
Ikr! Such a funny kid!!!!
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
always do!
you promised me the moon and stars..
"Study for learning and understanding." - Absolutely, the word, "exam" is taken out of the directive - process is +
why didnt u wake me?
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
i love you so much
. inspires me.
sweet, my dad might not come to my high school graduation.
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
The part with the aliens was intense.
thanks " NEVER. RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?."
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
RT : At #Nasstrac in #Orlando , seems to be more activity in the #logistics space this year than any of recent memory
ah omg :'O i can't believe it ....thank you SO much for follow me <3 OMG<3 i love you...njksjkiowjeikerjpo
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
Just realized what TCBY stands for...
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
#whatif I talk that talk :]
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
Kindly toss #Kony into the turbine or drop a photovoltaic on him RT Bringing renewable energy to Africa
As a joke x]
In #band with and aka my buds :)
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
Haven't ate all day
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
thanks for check n that out
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
President Obama should point this blockage out LOUD
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Thank you, !! Ready to get you some new fans. How can there be Chicagoans not already be in love w/ you?
#shrmva #hr. Happy to see all the Virginia chapters represented at our state leadership conference.
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
I want an app that let's you make apps
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
I am quoting the good Dr. Sealand "You are too strong to be defeated" my mantra today.
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
Your *company* should be thanking !
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
Promoting the natural history museum, City of LA features 3 dinosaurs. Won the Crown City Innovation award.
still gonna see it anyway!
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Yes phone works.
"I know I gotta Crush"
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
of course!
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
LOL - If only that were true!
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!! #MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
you will be awesome. I wish we had all planned to go as a class.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
hi there :D
Comcast's David Cohen: minority communities growing faster than the rest of
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
Celeb in the house! and !
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
Seriously!? LUCKY!
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
their extra storage is "magical".
who is ready for 2011? it is going to be a huge year!
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
How about a follow lovely ? xx
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
You're welcome!
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
I love Patagonia...hmm...does kick things up into the next price level...
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week. We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
I love Patagonia...hmm...does kick things up into the next price level...
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
so curious looking..
I have so much to do.
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
where u from
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
For Sure
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
Now Following Baqk (:
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
isn't that crazy!?
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
make that two pieces.
It's time for the Knicks to win a championship
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
For our NY followers RT : The Shakespeare Forum's Hamlet auditions are 2/2 and 2/4. Please email
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
Hey, Pictures from Derrick Carter look great, anyway you can send those pictures for us to have?! I'll DM you the email.
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
funny! My friend LOVES comic sans.
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
that's great :)
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
!!!! RT GOD NEVER PUT TO MUCH ON U THAT U CAN'T HANDLE 
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
nice list! RT : #twipubs (twitter #publishers) I like , , , / who else?
Go see Megachurch tonight at
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
RT : the date is wrong >> May 18th! #CHICAGO Sorry! Fixed!
is in scranton
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
Thank you for the RT!
I gets get my dick licked lol
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
hey ya.)
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
Yeah I am in class until 7.
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
Thank God I'm stronger today than I was yesterday. Always remember things happen for a reason.. Thank God I've realized the truth
On a serious note...shut the hell up
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Guess who is dressing up as Kitty Pryde on a Tuesday night?
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
As of today I will no longer tweet anything wrt politics. I get far too emo over the state of the country. Most of my customers are Dems.
e!! That sounds sketchy !
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
Vanilla! :P
OMG IT'S HOT! :::wipes sweat..grabs a coke..sits in front of turbo blaster...clicks on WWW.RADIO-MEMPHIS.COM::: AH!! COME ROCK W/ ME!!!
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
Do! I think it would be fun to do together
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
that's intense dude
you got some nice work man. Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
where you at bro?
Almost back home in mississippi. 1 mo hour to go thank u lord
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
Certainly not certain.
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
Yes I have done that but not recently.
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
your getting old brotha
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
i'm fine thanks you?
Think it's overrated.
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
On the road!
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
I just need too get out and talk...
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
I got a lot of associates and very few friends
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
- thanks for talking at the
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
that's great :)
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
1st time Ive received an over 90% AT&T warning for my data plan. If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ &
U R welcome and Happy NY
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Choking the chicken
I will make sure to pass along to our group ex director! Great idea!
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
...some really big hands ...lol
Don't let Blake dunk, foul him hard and make him earn it
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
Great point. No funds -> No facilities -> Hard sell to recruits.
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
haha! good, trying to be internet savvy.
I wish pop
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
don't make me say tornado siren!
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
Oh you're cool. You have a curse word in every sentence you say. -.-
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
FOLLOW HIM
. inspires me.
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
Hey Atlanta! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
I share that fear...
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
*You talk it, we live it, you're jealous, admit it*
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Let's see how many times I can watch sportscenter in a row
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
#FF welcomes aboard new follow and support his event on April 21st. We are! See you there!
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
Good stuff. Get inspired!
...some really big hands ...lol
Thanks for the follow
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
I swear, there's some jaded people out there who only reply to tweets with something negative to say.
Some guys know all the right things to say. 
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
thanks very much for the RT and follow :)
so curious looking..
It was awesome! Lots of excellent ideas. Will be posting a status update for the rest of the group soon.
Great time of year for incarcerated Jews to reflect on their lives & what they've done. They're all capable of change if they're willing.
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
Worst day:(
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
heading to Seattle for crew leader training. Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
get em Jake!
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
yeah me too
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
nice list! RT : #twipubs (twitter #publishers) I like , , , / who else?
Fug that shiiiiiit, I'm watching beach volleyball
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
Yes sir it was the last one for the year and mandatory. That's good that a lot of people showed up, who took pictures?
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Let me ease your minnddd
I want an app that let's you make apps
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
ha she also just left a note in Lazy Janes' comment book:'dear LJ, your pancakes are the best but just need a dash more sugar'
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
Time to sleep...Hope to see you tonight at REHAB...
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
Telling is not selling. Real selling is persuasion. Asking questions that lead your client to his own conclusion under your influence is it
thanks for the
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
Mule pride.
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
thanks for check n that out
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
the 80s are back baby!
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
I can't wait for tomorrow. Goodnight!
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
Mother nature playing with us lol
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Twitter spam <<<
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
a lot b-days this month
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
RT : Looking forward to #AskArchivists Day on June 9--ask us about digital preservation & personal archiving! Use
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
(:  You see that? I choose to use it to make everyone think I'm happy.
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
nice have fun
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Good news. Wiggle on.
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
is in scranton
Bet the house!
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
Or said a prayer. It took me a while to swallow that pride after 17 years of being a "Christian."
Me, too! I was seriously just thinking about those huge bows a few days ago. I miss them. I'll bet someone has them on etsy.
"I know I gotta Crush"
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
Pres is a hot mess!!
miss you
cant wait to break this thing in
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
I try very hard to stay faithful to my Changmin but...
totally. i agree. with links to my biz pages, of course ;)
Check me out on my youtube page and see and hear more. Peace
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
Pre-Conference workshops begin at 9 am in El Granada and Montara. You must be registered for these additional sessions to attend.
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing? Looking at pageant dresses... EPIC FAIL.
Good morning twitter world
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
what about man bits? I can't incorporate? But... it deserves a tax break too... :(
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Any word? Still want the Small jersey?
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Don't fall asleep. Seriously, that was the problem when I used to try it years ago.
yep, been doing that for years. It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
Life is either daring adventure or nothing
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
I'm still on fall back time! Couldn't sleep ran 2 miles on my tread & watched Brick City-LUV IT! Integrity=
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
Perfect intro haha. Nice
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
Check the meaning of 'poster boy.' That term doesn't in any way fit into this discussion.
7pm Sunday Night the middle of nowhere Arkansas and West bound I-40 is backed up 15 miles for a 7 mile construction zone
Its clarity is a blessing.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!
e!! That sounds sketchy !
Truly live and you will find love! Learn to love and life abounds! DM
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
This Mac Miller playlist is on
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
what up
Today was quite lovely.
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
i seriously love you too (:
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
ITS NOT OKAY ?
Today's workshop. "Ttweetout": Our biggest challenge is raising funds for the free resources we provide!
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
Alas no--Library of Congress has microfilm copy of Shaw papers
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
I like the green myself, or black.
I'm just not sure if I care to read it & I don't want to prejudge just in case. Will refollow soon...you kill me!
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
#idiots piss me off
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
Damn that sucks
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan. Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
Ponds Cold Cream
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
sorry i fell asleep!!!
PAD tv see ew
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
Irony: I'm limping because I tripped on the handicap ramp at #cloudforce. Still had a great time, though!
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
Cody Robert Simpson has swag. :D
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
RT I owe it to myself to CHOOSE to be happy and surround myself with happy ppl.
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
is working on her website for class.
I want an iphone4
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
That's awesome =)
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
amazing! Congrats! Love you!
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
what? where:D
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
Posting a bunch of KISS tour pics on our facebook as we tweet!
u say the coolest things!! write a damn book please!!
Dear Migraine god - please back off for the next 2.5 hours while I teach. Is wearing sunglasses while teach taboo?
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
It is too hot
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
I am not blue. Lol.
hey boo how you been You okay?
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
#Brewers offense is looking awful today. Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
ATTENTION! We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription (Val. > $1600). DM me if interested. PLS RT.
Another double today #$$$
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
Samsung Electronics reports record profit - Mainichi Daily News
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
Reviewing volunteer work on the #PealeBCLM photo print inventory list. A lot was left out so I'm pulling all 90 boxes...
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
You too sir!
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
that's intense dude
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
i don`t remember paying for things
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
cap full of bleach
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
Does anyone know when Season 4 of #TVD start? I Know the finale was like 15 min. ago but I NEED TO KNOW THESE THINGS! lol
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
I am not blue. Lol.
#FF welcomes aboard new follow and support his event on April 21st. We are! See you there!
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
He loves a woman with a future and a past......im just saying my future is so bright
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
Next #AskAuntLisa video comes out tomorrow for a chance to win 2 more posters signed by Austin! *HINT* Some answers will be from MY VIDEOS!!
i don`t remember paying for things
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
i do follow
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
long live those fashion quotes
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
I love you Andre! Miss your crazy ass
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
Im gonna live in a hole for the rest of my life!!! No one visit or contact me this is the last time you will be hearing from moza carozza
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
Been singing Jimi Hendrix songs all week >>>>>
FOLLOW HIM
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
If you say so.
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
Yes,my man still can't get over the fact that Hilary lost.
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
I hope .. We will see
Holy motherf'n crap--Final Destination 5 rocked my socks. Go! See! NOW!
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
I am majorly bummed out.
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
I LOVE LIFE<3
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
"Treat me like a queen and I'll treat you like a king. Treat me like a game an ill show you how it's played."
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
Checked out NFL's Evolution page (promoted in Goodell's fan ltr). adidas cleats feat as 1st turf shoes; Nike shown in "new cleats" category.
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
Seeing today with braces was the cutest thing I have ever seen.
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws, ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
i do follow
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
lol duly noted but still hahaha
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
it's why I'm at Walmart now!
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
Tick tick.
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
your getting old brotha
No matter how many times I look at my tickets.... no dice. Damn.
Just heard my first song..it was pretty awesome gotta say im a fan now
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
Big question - is israeli innovation sustainable? Can it spread to the region?
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
i'm considering this marathon
Jim Shepard's Master of Miniatures. A really cool novella.
So proud of my sister
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Thank God I'm stronger today than I was yesterday. Always remember things happen for a reason.. Thank God I've realized the truth
#callcenterguy is confused. Really confused. But I think it's resolved. DOH!
Thank you for your inspiring story! Our 4th child/only CFer is 8months old & your story gives us hope! CF won't define her!
Choking the chicken
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
Happy Friday! Shoutout to
Why are they called pig tails and pony tails? Why not "she always wears her hair in lion tails?" #deepthought 
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
Omfg no rapper can top the rapping grandma on Americas Got Talent lol
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
PayPal is such a racket.
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
Beach day!
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
Thanks for the follow
Long 20 minutes ahead.
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
i cant stop scratching my eyes!! there all swollen... again
...some really big hands ...lol
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
full house in the reading room!
Hi. Can you follow me?
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
Meant to be!!!
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
RT : A code-built house is the worst house allowed by law. Does that mean the people who live in it getting a raw deal? yes!
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
cant wait to break this thing in
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
you almost scared me there for a second
u know it!
I know
We all need somebody to lean on
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
Loser ass boy lmfao
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
Are you a recent graduate or are you just now finding our Twitter page?
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
text me
He loves a woman with a future and a past......im just saying my future is so bright
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
Check out my newest novel titled, "We, the Enslaved," published by PublishAmerica. Get a copy today for only $29.99. A must read!
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
Sound terrifying.
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Haha keep reading... He changes his mind several times. Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
Unless you're into that
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
Bet the house!
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
The part with the aliens was intense.
man, that Canadian reggae musician who sings "Informer" is just EVERYWHERE today
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
#FrostBank has THE BEST customer service. I highly recommend them to all of my #Texas friends.
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
haha. damn you! ;)
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
Some guys know all the right things to say. 
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
woooahhooo the sweetest thing
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
Big east champs
Hey ! Killer
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
Sandless sandbags, never build another sandbags again, eco friendly-Use for floods,water spills,to water organic gardens etc..
Guess who is dressing up as Kitty Pryde on a Tuesday night?
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
I want to play tichu
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
Chapter 8 Of My #BLS Is Up (: Tweet Me What You Think <3
his first attempt is next year. He will get accommodations but I am nervous. :-(
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
Can't wait for Summer! 
#MvsW if 5 guys r willing to block shots in player equipment, than there should be no problem shrinking goal equipment
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com & saved 10% THANKS :) keep it real
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
the question of a real fork
i saw nerdist on attack of the show chris hardwick is halarious
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
Thanks! And likewise to you and ours.
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
Google Wave Dead to All Except Chrome Users
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Thanks for the third book! You're amazing. My daughter is thrilled with the series.
Check your email....Thanks!!
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Another double today #$$$
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
ok cool. Cant wait! :)
hey I just met you!
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
Bumpersticker said, " No tea party for me, I can think for myself" Found it at www.zazzle.com/jerwin
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
do you miss me yet?
Who's all there!?
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
that's great :)
I have so much to do.
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
I'm officially adding "has an iPhone" to my list of dating criteria
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
Everyone makes mistakes..
RT Goals today: 1. Subscribe to the 2. Borrow a big dog 3. Line cage with 4. Cancel my subscription
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
you're so welcome!! :)
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
when is it coming out
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
what's up??
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
Yes phone works.
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
That site is amazing.
Thank you
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
Ain't nobody like you.
no problem!! hahahaha
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Most Americans use between 100-175 gallons of water a day. How many gallons of water a day do you think the average Haitian uses?
todays been a little rough..
"Every good relationship is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long."
Week off of work but not a week off of work.
GUYS! ="( I GOT HACKED SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
Let me ease your minnddd
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
New theme song for Desire 2011: "Hello, I lube you, won't you tell me your name!"
Very Jewish. I'm reform. He's way to the right.
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
So cool to go to a town you've never played in and have new friends singing along from the beginning.
make that two pieces.
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
I gets get my dick licked lol
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
like 2 days ago
is Legendary 
Mule pride.
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
If I'm a Liverpool fan I'm actually furious this team didn't show up in the 1st half on Saturday.
Craziness in 77S near 82B - SWAT, K9, city and county police. Major delays.
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
That's awesome =)
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
come and get it from us.
i love you so much
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
Speaking of leadership events: The Legends & Leaders event on 5/22 is featuring The Gilt Groupe - who's coming? CC:
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
My weekend starts today (YaY)
r u slangin chickens that r slangin Hawks lol
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
i feel like im interupting something. lol
Ugh. You can be such a condescending prick. Mister.
Call me maybe XD
#life...its nt the count of how many bitches & nighas yu slept with but the count of the ones who actully had a impact on yur life..js
Haha, my friends have a great taste in music!
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
RT : "There will be so many times you feel like you've failed. But in the eyes... of your child you ARE Super Mom."
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
LA is my fav place on the world!
thanks for all the Austin restaurant advice. Looking forward to seeing you live on stage soon. cc
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Subway session with
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
FOLLOW HIM
Counting down the days!
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
of course!
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
I like the green myself, or black.
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
oh hay girl ;)
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
Ex-boyfriends suck!
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
Focus. Focus. Focus.
COME SEE ME PERFORM AT T.I. FAREWELL TOUR THIS SATURDAY (2/28)!! [T.I. Farewell Lineup - T.I., Busta Rhymes, Keri Hilson, Charlie Hustle]
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
How's it going buds? We've been working lots of new songs! Just released our first EP last month
and yeah  to you too!
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
I cant sleep....
haha I'm watching him now.
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Boy stays grounded. Mom explains that actions that take only seconds can result in pain that lasts a long time. Boy loves Mom.
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
and you are telling this to us to .. make us jealous? You aint finding the big hairy guy that way.
you're great I admire you I'm your big fan
Now all we need is a first home-run.
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
New runner alert. Thomas Wolf just joined the #DNation Milwaukee family! Welcome Tom!
My Girl Literally NEVER Answers The Phone
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
I mean Lound and ruled
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
Cheers to neighbors!
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Its weird that im up at 6 lol anyways good morning loves may god bless you all and have a good day :)
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
Thanks for the follow
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
if i was texting you hold on, im updating my iphone. its taking me a while cause my dumbass didnt know what i was doing haha.
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
so curious looking..
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
Cheers to neighbors!
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
just referenced IT Crowd in #e205 session. Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
Twitter spam <<<
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
That Awkward Moment when he said "I love you" O_o umm.....okay?
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
Contemplating dark chocolate.
C'mon, Doron. They bankrupted themselves. The debate isn't whether, but how: Romney opposed gov't help, Obama didn't.
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
ah...... ive been talkting to her on yahoo :) HA SUCKA sorry. do u have her email. and i got a new email btw
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
Sometimes the hardest thing to do is the right thing to do.
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
You don't need to hide friend, for i am just like you.
awwwn (: inbox me (:
LA is my fav place on the world!
rip spring break.
Can't wait to try it
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
is that a real dog?
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
you're so welcome!! :)
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
: OH. LOL east coast?
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
get em Jake!
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
you're awesome Kelly!
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
JUST SHUT UP ND LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!! STOP BEING A BITCH
Check your email....Thanks!!
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
thanks very much for the RT and follow :)
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
i haven't seen 11.10, but i hope it's not worse than 11.04. had to go back to ubuntu classic interface
drinks sun or mon together??
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Tick tick.
KENTUCKY BASKETBALL
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
Lakers better not get blown out again
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
holy jeez - trying to get postgresql to work for the last hour and I'm about to kick over the computer, this should not be that big a deal
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
A professor of mine keeps using the term "over-exploitation" and its making me rage
...some really big hands ...lol
Your O-face makes me smile.
seriously. what would i do without all the stupid people in the world to amuse me. i appreciate you guys!
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
you promised me the moon and stars..
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
Thanks for the mention! Hope your day is great! Mojo Marketing
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
Damn . That nigga know my number by heart ! Lol
That's awesome =)
you can be our driver and beer runner!
nice list! RT : #twipubs (twitter #publishers) I like , , , / who else?
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
Mother nature playing with us lol
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
No Bates!
yeah she does
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
Hi Katherine, Thanks for following us. Hope to see you soon!
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Go see Megachurch tonight at
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
What happens now? Do we animorph?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
In the market for a new watch
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
I want/need a Bob Marley poster.
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
I just need too get out and talk...
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
I missed you anyway ;)
3 things to never ignore: your company's reputation; your company's first impression; your company's own voice & style
Oh, the DayTimer...
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
haha thanks patches
in studio w/ Leather Feather
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
Tonight's show calls for a cocktail! Cheers!
a bigger post on finery's new incarnation will be up on the website tomorrow! xox
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
cant wait to break this thing in
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
look as this gay ass fool
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
I over think things way too much for my own good.
I don't think so
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
how old are u
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
The tofu and rice combination is the best. So says the wife.
i don`t remember paying for things
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
#Brewers offense is looking awful today. Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
": I learn enough by watching you play! Where do you jink my skills came from?" I'm making copies of this
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
I guess because it was directed by a British director and filmed in London (?)
You havereally done very well indeed
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
where have you been ;-)
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia - it is a must visit! Slovenia's coast is fab, too. Love Turkey & it's food
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
Thank you so much for the love!
My shoulders sore AF
SNOW DAYY!!! :D
come and get it from us.
Thanks for the third book! You're amazing. My daughter is thrilled with the series.
cap room?
Can you see the show from where you're at?
Downloaded a bunch of to my phone horray :) I like the old and new albums :) fuck I like them all.
Very Jewish. I'm reform. He's way to the right.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
it should count as one of their items though... hopefully it's quickly put in overhead bin. Bon voyage and bon chance! cc/
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
My colleague Maria Gde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
i seriously love you too (:
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
Unless you're into that
": Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar? #randomthought" I do.
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
On fire!
At a talk with and
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
Very catchy I love the synths!
Cheers to neighbors!
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
happy Friday my friend.
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Hi. Can you follow me?
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply."
The 's article about academics on food stamps is behind their pay wall.
ok it will never happen again
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
Your *company* should be thanking !
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
I feel guilty Urgh 
Good Night Bros!
": Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10? That will show him who's boss." hahahah
Oh, the DayTimer...
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
Happy hallmark day, everyday is mothers day if she has done what mine has!
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
hey stud
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
you got some nice work man. Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
oh that's right you live way out over there.
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Lakers better not get blown out again
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
:) hope you made it by!
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
I hate the MBTA
why didnt u wake me?
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
Thank you for your inspiring story! Our 4th child/only CFer is 8months old & your story gives us hope! CF won't define her!
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
thank you!!!!
Ugh, don't remind me.
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore... made my fuckin night
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
My pool needs to be opened asap
Thank you! !
Best quote of #TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, "astronauts just biological cargo." re: spacex
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
yeah she does
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
u know it!
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
hoes dese days. Nasty, she gave me
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
JUST SHUT UP ND LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!! STOP BEING A BITCH
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
yeah she does
this was my last social- cave-of-solitude .and now. :)
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
she's a back seat driver all right.
it is a beautiful house. Amazing
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
Celeb in the house! and !
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
fuckyoutoo666 liked your photo: Cat Women of the Moon!
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?! Wtf
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
Happy hallmark day, everyday is mothers day if she has done what mine has!
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ;) I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
come to firewheel with me tomorrow!
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
The rain won't stop..
whats up bro?! Hoe are you?!:) Grettings from Croatia (Europe):)
Just set up the DVR to record the entire #WickedTuna series on I gotta get out on the water soon!
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
no ego here, well maybe a little
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
- this is my lesbian sister
so i just saw one of our tweets made it into 's favorite and we thought he forgot about us . <3
4 days and I'm home again
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
wutz good i got a neo soul joint im working ima send you a snip..so let me know wut you think..
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
The lord is blessing Without Delay! Keep praying for our ministry! It's working. :)
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
Got to do something!!!
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Good morning twitter world
Nice job in the Terry Richardson video. You gracefully straddled the line between sexy and creepy.
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Rt 100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations.... 272-1003
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
i'm fine thanks you?
ePUBs are the best!
is that a good thing?
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
Reading the content of the future is tricky. My inner eight ball says "unsure"
well i cant argue with ya there big guy.
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile.. & just being ourselves with e/o
Damn that sucks
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
AH! awesome.
I have literally spent thousands of $ purchasing gear 4 my teams through #Eastbay & still get treated horrible everytime I call 4 a quote
Staying up late and can't sleep.
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
is in scranton
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
relax, BREATH I love you<3
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
yup, just watched this.....yup....
Everywhere affected by the fall of the Berlin wall, the us sent soft political aid to form democracies, parties, candidates.
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
no hurry :-) have a great weekend!
hey tweets
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Does anyone else get that out of body effect when writing (akin to that "whoa! I wrote that? I don't even remember doing it" feeling)?
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
The Heat's win over the Knicks will be appal-lin!
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
lol this dude J spent like a half hour talkin shit about because we beat him a few hours ago its pathetic
QoTD: "A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying." (Allen Steble)
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
lets build.
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
Just recorded an additional two tracks for "left". Stay tuned for a sample.
stop crying you baby
you're so welcome!! :)
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
hey I just met you!
Its clarity is a blessing.
Wrong ":Alex Trebeck? ": #Whoami? Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore"
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
full house in the reading room!
I was just playing with words and hashtags. I know it's a bitch to keep it off.
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented with access to emergency contraception
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
Happy St. Patty's Day!
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
thats the Cubs mantra!...& the pizza & beer is permanent..especially deep dish!
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
u go check on that chese bread!
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
Follow organization!
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
How many people use mobile applications in their everyday lives?? and what are your top apps?
How's it going buds? We've been working lots of new songs! Just released our first EP last month
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
Thanks for the love!
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
bahahah your welcome x)
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
Like really
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Good luck! It's awesome to see a new cuke convert. Now if only we used it more at work...
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Mountain dew white out is really good
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
At a talk with and
almost, our project will be out this summer.
going to hulu.com
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
too awesome :)
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
defeatist = Michael levin
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
Dude, still waiting 4 the game. Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend? I'll try.
Putting the Christmas tree up!
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
I found the spoon I lost last night....
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
Helped out at circ desk.
About to be a Rebel after this class real quick!
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
I just hit the floor in hysterics. HEY! Good idea! I'll just show up at kid's school and do that in the cafeteria every day.
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
The feeling is entirely mutual. CONGRATS! Now, time to bask in a job well-done.
That douchebag can play a little ball, no?
i feel like im interupting something. lol
defeatist = Michael levin
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
i don`t remember paying for things
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
I like the green myself, or black.
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
Too bad-thought I might run into you sometime :-)
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
black in america
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Writing... Writing and Writing
i don`t remember paying for things
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
Too bad-thought I might run into you sometime :-)
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
A relationship without trust is nothing. so if there's no trust, then there's nothing. right?
Well Brewers, you sure know how to shoot yourself in the foot.
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
Patriots all the way!!!!
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
but nothin, watching my Cubs
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
thanks for all the Austin restaurant advice. Looking forward to seeing you live on stage soon. cc
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
gonna be a fun mom
Kobe shot selection <<<
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
.I could sleep on the floor in my work clothes. Every year it gets worse:-). -- Maggie Kane () I USED to feel that way too
text me
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
hey tweets
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
Yes - not Pitt's responsibility to notify everyone until recommended to do so. Buildings are evacuated before we get ENS.
she's a back seat driver all right.
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
- this is my lesbian sister
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
It is too hot
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
haha thanks alot! i wish i couldve gotten a pictue with you at teen hoot!
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
Another example of "I didn't leave the Rep. Party, it left me." Lack of focus on financial issues and just plain dumb social stands.
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
Nerves aren't too bad for Game 6
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
It's time for the Knicks to win a championship
On set in the woods tonight ... horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
how old are u
Wow... really got a lot on your mind, there. lol. Wanna talk about it??
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
wadd up wiz khalifa tics on deck @ nwc !! stupid mad gear on deck no swagger jackers allowed ! we keep az sexxy
isn't that crazy!?
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
yeah me too
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
don't make me say tornado siren!
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
I wonder when it'll click for me that my neighbors can actually see inside my new apartment... 
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
miss you
e!! That sounds sketchy !
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Happy 1Year Anniversary!!!
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
What a shame that the auto place is right next to the mall ;)
lets build.
#27 jason from both(:
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
ROFL 'no option to update #Facebook status yet but maybe in 30mins' Love the #startups agility
holy jeez - trying to get postgresql to work for the last hour and I'm about to kick over the computer, this should not be that big a deal
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
Enjoying a cold beer and ac Much needed on this hot day.
Very Jewish. I'm reform. He's way to the right.
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
I just want 8flavahs to go home. no offense. I just don't like them.
In the end family is all we got . Keep your head up and I love you <3
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
Writing... Writing and Writing
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
We have yet to hang out in weeks lol.
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Day two of ignoring him...
Reading that Wired article now...wow.
hey,ugly,call me)))
saw a great episode of #psyche last night with and all i had to do is the ed lover dance afterward!
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
text me
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
This Mac Miller playlist is on
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
And Adele wins album of the year!!! :) Yay!!!
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
ePUBs are the best!
haha I'm watching him now.
Pp 16 days and starting to feel like myself. She's doing great!
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Moving back to Houston...trying to rent out my apartment. I hate Craigslist.
I say, Yay! too, Janet! Looking forward to hosting Bryan on his The Skeleton Box tour.
Colorforms are about to play
I found the spoon I lost last night....
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
Finna get on my level before the night begins
The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core and building your existence on it.
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
What is the best reality tv show of 2011??? comment
Watching longest yard!(:
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
Thanks WDIY 88.1 FM for broadcasting my recording of "Don't Get Around Much Anymore"! Aloha Pennsylvania
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Patriots all the way!!!!
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
Oh Mosley must need $
Sucks to suck
bahahah your welcome x)
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
Any songs you handsome fucks wanna see us cover?
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
": I'll be giving you a set, make sure they are not leaked" Hold those photos you two. They're too good, too soon!
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
What's goin' on out there peeps? I mean besides this #PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
I love you MORE PAY !
Went driving today and it was a success
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
what's next?
good morning wow that's cool Ty
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
hey,ugly,call me)))
making me proud, McDreamy!
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
Super cute!
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
3 things to never ignore: your company's reputation; your company's first impression; your company's own voice & style
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
if you were reading for the role of Bird or Angel, you'd be set.
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
You know you're a badass when you can make #Finland look like a great place to visit! Touch
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
are you in the "it's alive" session?
": wasn't good enough of a boy today maybe tom" the story of Konz slipping and sliding into GB?
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
How many people use mobile applications in their everyday lives?? and what are your top apps?
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
hAPpy with my test :) And that's a wrap on U.S. history.
Your habits determine your future. ~ Jack Canfield
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
thanks for the RT!!
happy early birthday!! =]
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
Yes! It has been months. MONTHS.
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
Go Raiders today <3
This was last weekends theme song lol #noshame RT Why do I like this song by Kirko Bangz?! Deep down I know this song is NOT good
Hey ! Killer
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
No Bates!
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
Patriots all the way!!!!
Ugh. You can be such a condescending prick. Mister.
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
Haahaa:D i dont .(: im use to wearing shoes
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Yes I have done that but not recently.
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
All this yammering and you could've just said that last tweet a long time ago ;) jk
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
thanks for the shoutout
you two have something in common...!
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
hey ya.)
I'm sorry to hear that, best wishes to you all
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
My preformance was the bomb I sang and I thought I sounded terrible but I got a lot of good comments!Just thinking of my amazing friends!!:)
go cry me a river. And FYI, it'll bring everyone's level of living down, but it'll be relative to how it is now.
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
HGMS basketball game :-)
I wouldn't have to manage my anger if people could learn to manage their stupidity. -_-
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
Watching longest yard!(:
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
where in dha hell is u at i went to ur house and ur aunt house come get mhe
no hurry :-) have a great weekend!
So jealous of everyone at Livestrong for the SKC game!!! Go KC!!
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
S/O to hard work pays off!! #nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
Pretty sure Andrew Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The Micro-Blogging Site
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
It hurts to fall for someone then have to watch them fall for someone else...
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it! Lets go.
Sweet beard, Kyle.
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
Dear , I really really really want to get #Boyfriend right now and listen to it</3 STOP TEASING ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!(:
Irony: I'm limping because I tripped on the handicap ramp at #cloudforce. Still had a great time, though!
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
Serven is now shutting down --->
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
*You talk it, we live it, you're jealous, admit it*
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
amateurs... this girl got an A!
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
Wat yo silly ass up to
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
follow back? (:
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars signed 3rd-year RB Albert Young
RT Goals today: 1. Subscribe to the 2. Borrow a big dog 3. Line cage with 4. Cancel my subscription
Was sad we finished Flash Forward. Why the hell did a show this good (and LOST-ish) get cancelled. I swear the best tv doesn't survive long
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
The rain won't stop..
i love you so much
You got it buddy
no ego here, well maybe a little
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
#hiring #mijobs Automotive Electrical Engineer in Detroit, Software Ctrls Designer & Jr Automation Engineer in Southfield. Inquire within!
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
I over think things way too much for my own good.
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
their extra storage is "magical".
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
what's the plan bro
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
Do you even need to ask? ;)
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
It's Friday!
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
If a girl goes behind your back and does shit with another guy
I'd like to think the loss to ASU kept UofA out of the tournament. Whatever makes me feel better...
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
ITS NOT OKAY ?
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
good morning wow that's cool Ty
": Is being detail-oriented something a person can learn or is it innate?" falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
Fantastic article! Gave me some ideas for #THATCampOSU sessions. Thanks!
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
What a putt by Lefty.
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
make that two pieces.
Who's all there!?
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
Know what's not gonna be fun tomorrow? Lugging huge bags of purses, shoes and clothes to Secondi for drop off. Ugh!
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
Some things are better left unsaid
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
LA is my fav place on the world!
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
lol duly noted but still hahaha
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
Who's all there!?
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
where you at bro?
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
I rather carry a satchel than a purse anyday .
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
#FF welcomes aboard new follow and support his event on April 21st. We are! See you there!
is coming to Harvey's Lake Tahoe on July 21. Tickets go on sale Feb. 24. Who's going?
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Check the meaning of 'poster boy.' That term doesn't in any way fit into this discussion.
On set in the woods tonight ... horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
that's great :)
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
Hey guys!, we updated our shows on our Facebook come see us! And is coming up soon!
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
How's it feel knowing you make people feel like shit? 
their extra storage is "magical".
finally has the studio air conditioning under control after a toasty afternoon shoot! 84 degrees is not kind to ones hair and make-up :-)
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
Body Aching And Shit !
Gordon turns the corner and bursts for about 30 yards, down to the 20
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo - i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
"I'm like a hairless rat rn." o.o
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
hey i was at the presentation too!
i don`t remember paying for things
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
who fell down the hill
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
fuckkkkkk being single.
It's Friday!
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
I really need to get to bed.
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis. Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding & did!
we need to go to a show together.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
the football fight was awesome
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
: Lol. You're welcome sweetie :))
I am down on 1 knee tweeting this... Allison Williams, will u marry me?
Go Raiders today <3
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
zoo date with ?
get me one!!!!! Thanks hey!,
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
I just sneezed really hard & it felt like my neck was exploding..
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
thank you!!!
you know me so well bruh :)
See ya Sunday at Miller Park!
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair(:
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
The Village People lied to me
that's great news!
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
I just want someone with good taste in music.
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
#notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends.
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to the new and
where has been?? us Zswaggers miss him! he is important to the Zswagger family too!<33
i love aubree she is so cute
this falling rain is cozy
that's not very good, sir
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
no more excuses now - time to get in shape!
Putting the Christmas tree up!
relax, BREATH I love you<3
no problem!! hahahaha
You havereally done very well indeed
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
We got to see it too! So cool!
We all need somebody to lean on
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
thanks for being gracious. :) And I'm so thankful you found us and are getting connected so quickly. Hope you're encouraged!
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
is it on yet i live in fl, and i'm at the website, but i don't see you
is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
If you suffered a #heart attack, using #anti-inflammatory drugs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45% your risk to repeat it. / J. Circulation.
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
hAPpy with my test :) And that's a wrap on U.S. history.
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
make that two pieces.
Writing... Writing and Writing
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
Dude, how hurt are you? We need u in there. Is Ozzie nuts or u really this much consistent time off? I say swap with Gaby.
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
Check your email....Thanks!!
Foul play?
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
you ride?!
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
"Treat me like a queen and I'll treat you like a king. Treat me like a game an ill show you how it's played."
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
Let's ACT offended so we can get some attention (comics who are supposed to hate political correctness but are mad @ Ashton).
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
you're awesome Kelly!
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan. Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
ima cry, its getting sad now :''(
relax, BREATH I love you<3
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
you will be awesome. I wish we had all planned to go as a class.
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
This has been a great March Madness minus my gambling...
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
no idea
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
You ever been to Mansfield?
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Sleep is such a waste of time. Too bad it's biologically required. I could take over the world if I never had to sleep.
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
Not liking this fucking rain
Go get one then! Haha
Why Wud I Be MAD??
Good Night Bros!
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
lol I hear u
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
oh hay girl ;)
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
e!! That sounds sketchy !
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
I just want someone with good taste in music.
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
Certainly understandable. Love the idea though. Will be fun to follow
whats up bro?! Hoe are you?!:) Grettings from Croatia (Europe):)
Haha keep reading... He changes his mind several times. Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
As of today I will no longer tweet anything wrt politics. I get far too emo over the state of the country. Most of my customers are Dems.
Catering Holiday Events www.patrickscatering.com
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!
damn right! That makes my day. Thanks for the support man!
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
what are u doing ?
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
RT : Keep ur back safe when bending down: Bend the knees, bend from the hips, keep ur spine lined up.
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
Week off of work but not a week off of work.
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
it's beautiful :)
Hi ! Nice to meet you :) Can I be of any help? Would love to...
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
Lending ebooks on : Libraries take the physical book, digitize it, and then lend out the digital copy online
oh boy just saw the entry fee. Convince me that it's worth the $70+? Still looks amazing though.
Isaiah 10:1-2 "Woe to those who make unjust laws, ... making widows their prey and robbing the fatherless."
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
thanks a lot bro.
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
On set in the woods tonight ... horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
excuse me, miss?
If you suffered a #heart attack, using #anti-inflammatory drugs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45% your risk to repeat it. / J. Circulation.
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
I need some of your motivation haha
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
Oh, the DayTimer...
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
You havereally done very well indeed
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
Being the best I can be...
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
I'm not going to be able to make it tonight, sorry, I know you looking forward to me being there. #mohrstories eeeww hey buddy!
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
wats up homie. Trying to make some connections ur area. Lets work
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
90% of people tweeting #50WaysToLeaveYourTwitter don't even know what it refers to. Why don't you kids put down the Leggos and Yolos.
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
The Village People lied to me
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
yessir! Gonna do it next year!
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
That storm was crazy! Totally freaked out after watching #insidious too!!
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
Smoken on that top notch crop from my homeboy.
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
hahaha yeah buddy!
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
I feel balanced! My man pierced me again!
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
I just need too get out and talk...
is working on her website for class.
You're welcome!
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
hey I just met you!
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
im some chocolat icecream with sprinkles
what? where:D
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
lol yea I have admit that I do
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 1
Helped out at circ desk.
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
I miss you-_-
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
7 massive SportsRadio 1250 signs absolutely necessary? Or is GE's memory so poor he needs constant reminder what station hes on
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
get em Jake!
Seriously!? LUCKY!
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
It is too hot
Nothing in the works. Seeming like a quiet summer for shows.
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
Let me ease your minnddd
Forbes Midas List Recognizes Institutional Venture Partners (IVP) - MarketWatch (press release)
came through clutch sir
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!! #MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
no ego here, well maybe a little
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore... made my fuckin night
Helped out at circ desk.
I can't wait for tomorrow. Goodnight!
WooHoo! Just stocked up on Corona! It was on sale for 2.99/6pk!
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
I found the spoon I lost last night....
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
is that a real dog?
Now all we need is a first home-run.
1st time Ive received an over 90% AT&T warning for my data plan. If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ &
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
NY Comedy Festival this weekend! Performing in the Love Machine Show on Friday
": Goodmorning!! RT : Good morning tweet peeps.."
his first attempt is next year. He will get accommodations but I am nervous. :-(
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
are y'all performing the same songs on the 19th, that y'all did at JoshMosh?
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
#27 jason from both(:
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
i keep reading that tweet trying to remember but no i don't fried too many braln cells i guess
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
Q10. Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
We better burn while your out here dude!!
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
Ain't nobody like you.
excuse me, miss?
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
HELMER GET YOU SMELLY CAT BUTT OFF MY PHONE!! He just cannot behave himself today :/
Hey! We need to get coffee sometime! I have some stuff to run by you guys thats really awesome :)
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
Listening to DMX at 3:30am just cause I can
is in scranton
QoTD: "A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying." (Allen Steble)
#prayforreysa oh God i wish she will be fine O:)
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
Rondo is a Beast
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
you know me so well bruh :)
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
mama needs some 'me time.'
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
I think it's funny how my cat is bigger than my dogs...
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
The rich have a free ride from the police and the DAs and judges in America
PLEASE! :D
Today's lunch feature is a savory & vegetarian. Provenal Artichoke sandwich w/ Creamy Tuscan Tomato soup. Enjoy with a Schneider Weisse.
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
Lets pause a moment in our political wars and remember an American icon-Dick Clark died today at age 82. RIP
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was so good!.
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
word of the day: 'Recovery' yes? no? maybe so? :) Have a wonderful Thursday Ashley <3
Twitter spam <<<
Haha keep reading... He changes his mind several times. Some of his conclusions probably aren't very tweetable.
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Had my first rumor spread about me #inmiddleschool .
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Gotta be up at 7am!! :( Time for sleep!
Big east champs
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
You too sir!
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
Right on!
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Fuck yeah just said hi to Lee Ranaldo.
Thanks, Barb. I trust that the kids are safe. I can survive a little worry knowing that!
haha thanks patches
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
Vanilla! :P
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
This muthafucka #rkelly had the studio staff running around LA looking 4 a lifesize mirror that he could record in front of
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
Oh Mosley must need $
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
Me and Cody broke up
Zyplen... Yeah I didnt name it..
I'm going to bed!!!
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
#FF May she live long and prosper
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
The Thing could put up a fight.
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
their extra storage is "magical".
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
i seriously love you too (:
What a putt by Lefty.
where are you in the lib?
ijust saw your schedule and will be in LA at the same time - I will ring you there!
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
Keep me updated on the lakers...i mean they still loosing right????lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Worst day:(
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
Count your blessings
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
u say the coolest things!! write a damn book please!!
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
i love you so much
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
awesome, I am so glad you like the books. they r pretty cool. :) thnk u for looking!
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
my cats! and if you accepted my friend request you would know that :) cc
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
#Heat targeting
what up
1) cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4" thick; 2) put in a pot on stove (stacking them is fine);
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Oh my goodness! I'll definitely be praying for your dad sweetie! You take your peace by force and trust God w/all of it!
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
rip spring break.
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
If you could drive a #Maserati around one town/region in Italy, where would you choose?
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
#CentralTxFires Vacation Rental Owners n #Austin area offering #wildfire evacuees free or discounted rates on homes bit.ly/otx751
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
just referenced IT Crowd in #e205 session. Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
Beauty might bring happiness, but happiness always brings beauty.
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
like a boss
so curious looking..
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
You know you're a badass when you can make #Finland look like a great place to visit! Touch
This has been a great March Madness minus my gambling...
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
thanks baby. How have YOU been? Come visit me
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
I'm up late tonight! Partyin'.... w/ my dog.
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
Foul play?
Why Wud I Be MAD??
Can people even see my posts??
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
RT : & band did so great opening for Matt Maher!
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
bahahah your welcome x)
This Mac Miller playlist is on
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
no idea
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
It was great to meet you @ the show @ the Fun show! Can't wait 4 the broadcast (& podcast)!
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
full house in the reading room!
what's next?
the breakfast of champions!!!
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
Dear #chicagotraders No, I don't actually think you could teach a room full of third graders. But it would be funny to watch.
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
hey I just met you!
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week. We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
Moving back to Houston...trying to rent out my apartment. I hate Craigslist.
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
siri stop acting like pierre mcguire
Looking forward to #TEDxHuntsville tomorrow. Big change from my first event in 2009.
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
do you like sports? beer?
haha I'm watching him now.
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
The 's article about academics on food stamps is behind their pay wall.
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
Governor Perry is a freaking joke. I feel like I'm listening to and looking at a Bush clone.
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
Can't decide between watching the end of the game or laying down b/c my stomach hurts. I'm inclined to the latter but probably the former
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
": Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times." yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
Call me maybe XD
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
no waiting go get it
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
Happy hallmark day, everyday is mothers day if she has done what mine has!
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
their extra storage is "magical".
u know it!
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
Watching That's So Raven with and
I heart YOUR guts! :) but seriously, I was fuming this am. It's why I avoid watching the news.
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
Oh, I'm so sorry.
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
must be cause Mac's Southern Dem hasnt bought into Liberal Socialist philosphy of Obama Admin
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND ALL MY GOONIES I HOPE EVERYBODY IS HAVING A GOOD DAY....-YOUNG.S
hahaha love to see that you are doing better already!!!! the show was amazing last night really wish yall could have played NZT
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
At a talk with and
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
"What's new pussycat?! Can you dig the satisfaction?!" From the song,"Thunder Kiss 65" by White Zombie
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
This Mac Miller playlist is on
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
I hope had a stinkin awesome graduation weekend! Glad I got to celebrate w/her at least for a little while ;)
where u from
Hi. Can you follow me?
whoa buddy only one man has a a backhand and can play the net well.
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
I know! Wtf
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
I HATE Drawing !
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
gonna watch you on blogtv! Btw hope u have a good prom!
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
You don't need to hide friend, for i am just like you.
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
you're so welcome!! :)
And on a second note... I miss
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
I cant sleep....
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always be there everytime and loyal..
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
R.i.p. Whitney Houston...
i seriously love you too (:
The Village People lied to me
and for some, very lucrative.
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
fuckyoutoo666 liked your photo: Cat Women of the Moon!
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
We better burn while your out here dude!!
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
Crystal told the teacher to call her dragonfly. Weird ass bitch
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500+ person-pede? What has this world come to?
Cheers to neighbors!
#AnchorBias : I just missed, because the top 10 wasn't a Top 40
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
All this yammering and you could've just said that last tweet a long time ago ;) jk
it woulda been better if we had punted hah
Greatness never sleeps
Saturday - physical therapy , watched inception, going to a wedding soon. Then tomorrow spending the day with my mom. Fam it's all we got!
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
show was dizzying and i didn't get to see all of it closely. i'm definitely going back for a second look.
Celeb in the house! and !
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Mountain dew white out is really good
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
looks pretty much over to me
Ready to have a fun time camping tomorrow!!! Wait I have to work
Yay big time rush won !!!!
You are an odd little bird with sex on the brain. Get a life. Bill Clinton jokes? Grow up. Please.
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
I'm going to bed!!!
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
Im gonna live in a hole for the rest of my life!!! No one visit or contact me this is the last time you will be hearing from moza carozza
I missed you anyway ;)
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
So. Today's the RSVP date for the wedding ... and I still have 120 people who haven't responded. D: D:
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
check in 15 times in 30 days to office/corp venue ( works w/ past check ins)
Check me out on my youtube page and see and hear more. Peace
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Ash no me quede al partty :/
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
I'm going to bed!!!
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
": Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times." yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Why Wud I Be MAD??
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
What does Social Media mean to you???
Michael Crichton~ Absence of proof is not proof of absence.
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
In #band with and aka my buds :)
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
what's next?
TAX TIP for anyone paying back the Homeowner's Credit...Careful if you turn your home into a rental. The 7k balance becomes due this year.
yeah...I'm sure there was no TNT in Orlando (lie) & "your guess is as good as mine"?!?Vescey makes everything up, obv.done w/him
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for $150.00. WOW!
lol yea I have admit that I do
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
Choking the chicken
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
todays been a little rough..
hey #ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes? try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
You will shine like a star if you live with integrity, humility and purity.
hi there :D
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
haha. damn you! ;)
Let me ease your minnddd
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
Drag night went off nicely! congrats and thank you to all my queens that came through! We're gonna do this every Thurs
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
do you miss me yet?
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com & saved 10% THANKS :) keep it real
happy early birthday!! =]
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.
#YergerTech's will do social media for your company @ discounted rate E-mail distribution included. Save $100! Offer ends #Christmas! Hurry!
come and get it from us.
Happy Easter! :0)
Seeing today with braces was the cutest thing I have ever seen.
Bring Back Ringer I loved seeing back on tv
On set in the woods tonight ... horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
you promised me the moon and stars..
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
no school :) doing #nothing all day
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
its not lol
Hi Katherine, Thanks for following us. Hope to see you soon!
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.
Certainly not certain.
What a beautiful mess this is. Well its like taking a guess when the only answer is yes
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
Counting down the days!
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
What do i get my wife for her very first #Mother's_Day ??? any #ideas ???
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
u know it!
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
Follow organization!
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
hey stud
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
Hope you guys are having a great weekend!
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
Pretty sure Andrew Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The Micro-Blogging Site
Don't know which direction I'm headin'. I'm just hoping I happen to cross paths with you.
I Just Like To Drink And Have Fun. Blah
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
You too sir!
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
next weekend will be fine
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
Well another colt player gone our center Jeff Saturday sign with green bay packers you always been a true colts center ands thanks :)
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
lol duly noted but still hahaha
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
shower of shite
isn't that crazy!?
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
Wat yo silly ass up to
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?! Wtf
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video! Yay work!!!
1st time Ive received an over 90% AT&T warning for my data plan. If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ &
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
I just turned 17 in September
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
Kobe shot selection <<<
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
Good news. Wiggle on.
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
hey love
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
Lol! Have I been summonsed?
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
Mother nature playing with us lol
#prayforreysa oh God i wish she will be fine O:)
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
you will be awesome. I wish we had all planned to go as a class.
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
come and get it from us.
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
FINALLY starting Downton Abbey. Better late than never...
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
"I know I gotta Crush"
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
too late to join me?
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars signed 3rd-year RB Albert Young
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
... and thank you for the follow!
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
text me now tho(:
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
Patriots all the way!!!!
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
Happy St Patrick's Day ! #happypaddysday Slainte
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
"Study for learning and understanding." - Absolutely, the word, "exam" is taken out of the directive - process is +
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
will try. Thx.
when is it coming out
is it we found love?? I love that song!
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
Man this is so ridiculous. I cannot wait for this party. FRIDAY PLEASE HURRY!
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
Can't wait for Summer! 
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Thanks for liking my page Margo! :-)
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
Thank you! (:
I'm coming for you.
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
what's up??
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
gonna watch you on blogtv! Btw hope u have a good prom!
#Whynotfirst? Claude deserves the #Hart. Malkin? Erased in playoffs.
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
Preparing to celebrate the past, present, and future life of - HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
GREAT. Olbermann Where he shines! A smart voice! TY
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
half of that is veryy false
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
FEELING TOO CRAZY TRYING TO FIGURE THIS "TWEET" THING OUT! LOL OBVIOUSLY NEW TO THIS! SMH LOL
bahahah your welcome x)
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
lol yea I have admit that I do
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
get em Jake!
He said goodnight
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
you text me loser face :p
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
Celebrating accomplishments of local volunteers who have contributed to 20 years of "Volunteer Fairfax" -- at Service Awards breakfast.
A few GNU tools, a handful of Ruby code, some imagination, and poof! a tool to map links on a web site.
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
#EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
#GrowCo love your energy Keith!
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
almost, our project will be out this summer.
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
You got it buddy
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
FOLLOW HIM
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
Don't forget to check out Friday with on #TheAgenda 1230! Channel 3!
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing, though he is gone?
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
: OH. LOL east coast?
Very catchy I love the synths!
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
I missed you anyway ;)
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
Reading that Wired article now...wow.
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
bring back David please!
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
Wow wtf. Alexis
Damn . That nigga know my number by heart ! Lol
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
Crowd looks pretty good tonight...perhaps fireworks night every home game??
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
I love you too and yay I'm proud of you! :)
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are DATING? Wow! Amazing
Exiled Books
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
CRASH: I-5 NB Ramp to I-84 EB- Right lane is blocked off the top deck of the Marquam Bridge- traffic quickly backing up past Macadam
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
Downloaded a bunch of to my phone horray :) I like the old and new albums :) fuck I like them all.
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
I had to turn in tix. Do get em from there. :)
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
Writing... Writing and Writing
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Can't decide between watching the end of the game or laying down b/c my stomach hurts. I'm inclined to the latter but probably the former
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers. <3
Is messing around on Twitter when she really should be doing other things.
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
That line up looks absolutely amazing, food and wine-wise. I'm salivating.
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
ah, just reminded me to schedule workouts as diligently as I do the rest of my life--I did walk the beach 2x over the weekend!
aha thanks guys.
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Count your blessings
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers. <3
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
lmao yes, i am magic(: haha Thank you!
wa i miss you.
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
We had about 15-20 people for our first screening, which seemed just fine.
black in america
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
Sucks to suck
cap room?
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
If there were no guns in existence, then nobody would ever get shot and killed. How many of you own one or more guns?
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
This Mac Miller playlist is on
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
#AnchorBias : I just missed, because the top 10 wasn't a Top 40
RT : Can't sleep
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
I'm officially adding "has an iPhone" to my list of dating criteria
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
I missed my boo :(
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
I know how u feel, some ppl @ my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
where in dha hell is u at i went to ur house and ur aunt house come get mhe
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
come and get it from us.
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 1
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
im cool B) follow me?
lol yea I have admit that I do
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
thanks so much!!
I just don't understand people these days. Smh
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
WEDS NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $5 LABATT PITCHERS During THE PENS GAME! ROCK STAR KARAOKE POST GAME!
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
I hope that means you n drizzy are finally puttin out a song haha
hi there :D
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
We rock. RT : GREAT DAY! 30 pets sleeping in their new homes for the first time 2nite! 10 more packing bags to go home tomorrow!
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
Everywhere affected by the fall of the Berlin wall, the us sent soft political aid to form democracies, parties, candidates.
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
no idea
what's up??
Yes - not Pitt's responsibility to notify everyone until recommended to do so. Buildings are evacuated before we get ENS.
I've had a crush on #oomf since like 10th grade. He's perfect
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
amateurs... this girl got an A!
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
yup, just watched this.....yup....
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
Hi. Can you follow me?
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
follow back? (:
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
Hi. Can you follow me?
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
#MvsW if 5 guys r willing to block shots in player equipment, than there should be no problem shrinking goal equipment
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
Made it onboard, but barely. DEN to PDX. Farewell #drupalcon! Good luck to everyone at the sprints!
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
Chillin in world fair park with
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Hairbag saved my life.
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
finally has the studio air conditioning under control after a toasty afternoon shoot! 84 degrees is not kind to ones hair and make-up :-)
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
Very catchy I love the synths!
Today is national #WalkingDay! The AHA recommends that you walk at least 10,000 steps a day. Try using a pedometer to track your steps.
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
Like really
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
#27 jason from both(:
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
I've been on a purple kick lately too. Must be in the air!
Well that game pretty much sucked. I can only hope the #sharks can overcome this and win the series Saturday
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
New Products at CinemaCon 2012 - Film Journal
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
all black? Like everythings black on them?
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
I am majorly bummed out.
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
Certainly understandable. Love the idea though. Will be fun to follow
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
Very nice, it makes Audi look like it should, dreamy :)
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
It's Friday!
Should I do the no shave november?
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
oh im never in there hahha
no ego here, well maybe a little
#AskDerulo Will you tweet me just to say hi?
i love you so much
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
came through clutch sir
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
Colorforms are about to play
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
Waiting on this good pizza though
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
Our teachers rock!
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
i don`t remember paying for things
Well played hahaha
did you tell them to suck it
I love when I cannot log into Twitter. Hopefully the problem is fixed!
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
Zyplen... Yeah I didnt name it..
lol had to do it
You can't please all mf's
As a joke x]
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
So happy to hear you enjoyed it! Looking forward to seeing you again soon :)
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
ah omg :'O i can't believe it ....thank you SO much for follow me <3 OMG<3 i love you...njksjkiowjeikerjpo
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
so awkward ! who knows maybe she'll land a deal with depends ;) ;)
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
I really need to get to bed.
make that two pieces.
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
I'll make you glad you came
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days! Time to finish it off tmr.
Haven't gotten drunk in a whilee ;o
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
what are u doing ?
Craziness in 77S near 82B - SWAT, K9, city and county police. Major delays.
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
Good Friday morning Tweets and Fbs!!
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
Lakers better not get blown out again
And Adele wins album of the year!!! :) Yay!!!
ok!! will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
any tips on capturing a room using 123catch?
somebody got mad at me last week for my follow friday tweets... oh, well...
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
gonna be a fun mom
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
i got the hang of it now, i love it!
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
Please don't worry ab me, I'm fine .
Awesome! RT : Is having a relaxing day at Whole Foods Cafe!
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
A SWOT analysis may be carried out on a project, department, person, or other. (part 2 of 2)
great new avi!
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Aw no. More craziness to ensue. Haha. What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
haha. damn you! ;)
Cheers to neighbors!
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
too late to join me?
Mountain dew white out is really good
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
I missed you anyway ;)
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
e!! That sounds sketchy !
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
gonna tease my hair today (:
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
Greatness never sleeps
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
Huge crowd for our March Lunch N Learn - This month's topic is on Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
what do u mean
Like really
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
black in america
Damn . That nigga know my number by heart ! Lol
Unless you're into that
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
U R welcome and Happy NY
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
yay! tell her I said hi!
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
thanks for adding us to your web design companies list!
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
Does anyone else get that out of body effect when writing (akin to that "whoa! I wrote that? I don't even remember doing it" feeling)?
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
Send me a message, I'd love to chat more about it!
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
Yes sir
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
Full house (:
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
yeah she does
The Thing could put up a fight.
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
: Pop is the sound of a song exploding.
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
Beach day!
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
I think i passed out for like 30 min and broke my glasses in the process
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
thank you!!!
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
Not to discount tampa's surge...but when the goalie mask comes off...the whistle is supposed to blow. BS goal.
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
Thank You Kathryn for your kind words. Always Think BIG!
Fantastic article! Gave me some ideas for #THATCampOSU sessions. Thanks!
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
Hope to see you all tonight celebrating #Disability_Awareness_Month with for #Murderball, 4:30pm at Herron!!!
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
Great last night!
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Do! I think it would be fun to do together
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore... made my fuckin night
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
i don`t remember paying for things
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
thanks for check n that out
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
why do my legs look so short?
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
i seriously love you too (:
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
It is too hot
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
Governor Perry is a freaking joke. I feel like I'm listening to and looking at a Bush clone.
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
how old are u
Leaving work. Berkley Front tonight!
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Best quote of #TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, "astronauts just biological cargo." re: spacex
is that a good thing?
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
Let me ease your minnddd
what are u doing ?
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
it IS my weekend! :)
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
is rooting for Creative Cause in the Derby. We like the sound of that one.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
where you at bro?
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
love the hashtag! where do you get good mexican food in our fair city?
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
is that a real dog?
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
No Bates!
Missing the game smh
Not every man really lives.
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile.. & just being ourselves with e/o
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail. We have premade designs. www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
Did you ever make it to Chicago?
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
I'm officially adding "has an iPhone" to my list of dating criteria
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
Aloha right back to you! Have a great weekend. ;-)
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Kobe shot selection <<<
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
": Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar? #randomthought" I do.
left wing. I played in an all-male league, and I was literally the only girl. It was so fun!!
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
Ain't nobody like you.
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
Well, when you're like 7'5" it's hard to stay low:)
Hairbag saved my life.
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
so am I haha
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
hey I just met you!
Yeah I am in class until 7.
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
too late to join me?
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
awesome to hear of your recent purchase, be sure ot hit us up and tell us how if fits!!!
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
I just want 8flavahs to go home. no offense. I just don't like them.
lol this dude J spent like a half hour talkin shit about because we beat him a few hours ago its pathetic
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
Dear Migraine god - please back off for the next 2.5 hours while I teach. Is wearing sunglasses while teach taboo?
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
do you miss me yet?
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
Are you here? Make yourself known. Shout out the #FreshCoastClassic on #twitter. We want to meet you!!
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
. inspires me.
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Animal Farm is such a great book.
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail. We have premade designs. www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
It's going to be a busy week!
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
I hope that means you n drizzy are finally puttin out a song haha
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
Went driving today and it was a success
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
Bumping tew the motto :)
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
what's next?
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
half of that is veryy false
aha thanks guys.
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
#Heat targeting
Pre-Conference workshops begin at 9 am in El Granada and Montara. You must be registered for these additional sessions to attend.
i do follow
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
So, klout says I'm influential on academics, but not education. Probably a useful distinction.
As you plan your yoga practice this week, remember that new students get a free week here at East Village Body Shop..
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
If you suffered a #heart attack, using #anti-inflammatory drugs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45% your risk to repeat it. / J. Circulation.
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
Good Afternoon Y'all.
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
Heading up to Fisher for end-of-day hors d'ouevres (arranged by #badassrobert) to wrap up part 1 of this energizing
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
how is it going?
I am creating the program books template for our pageant program books. Am so excited!!!
Get to shouting. It's the one Lauren had on the the softball game..
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
Super cute!
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
I know
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
And Adele wins album of the year!!! :) Yay!!!
NY Comedy Festival this weekend! Performing in the Love Machine Show on Friday
you look like your a little tired in your picture,are you getting any rest.
My shoulders sore AF
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 9
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
Thank you! Love my flowers!
Hot cheese up front
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
if i was texting you hold on, im updating my iphone. its taking me a while cause my dumbass didnt know what i was doing haha.
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
aha thanks guys.
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
no not really
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
Be the father of my kids please
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
I love these days (:
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
U R welcome and Happy NY
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
So can someone explain what the big deal is about a dude dunking in a women's basketball game?
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
writers Alexandra Teague & Noriko Nakada read tonight. Thaisa Frank & Richard Katrovas had to cancel last minute...sorry!
like a boss
we just convinced one of our clients to go for a simple smoke test instead of a new $30K premium feature.
TAX TIP for anyone paying back the Homeowner's Credit...Careful if you turn your home into a rental. The 7k balance becomes due this year.
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia - it is a must visit! Slovenia's coast is fab, too. Love Turkey & it's food
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
Amen! RT : Love dreaming bigger than I have before. I want to get in over my head this year. Trusting God.
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
#DreamShake #Houston RT : If Im Blake Griffin I make an appointment to see Hakeem Olajuwon over the summer
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
Also about to take my Mensa Test 
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
And of course, I mean "Cleaning the slate for #septembeard"...not "cleaning the skate"...
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
Watching That's So Raven with and
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
I'm looking for a good way to listen to the radio online. I need some talk radio or something besides pandora... what do y'all use?
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis. Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding & did!
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
what? where:D
Happy 1Year Anniversary!!!
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
saw a great episode of #psyche last night with and all i had to do is the ed lover dance afterward!
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
Thanks for the follow
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
miss you
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
S/o to Nick young for hoopin in his red foams. We hoop in our shit
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
shush, you!
Do you even need to ask? ;)
baby I want you so bad ;)
You don't need to hide friend, for i am just like you.
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Privileged to have a representative from Photo Scanning with us in Orlando today!
Kobe shot selection <<<
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
S/O to hard work pays off!! #nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
Ponds Cold Cream
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
I'm so sleepy
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Mother nature playing with us lol
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
somebody got mad at me last week for my follow friday tweets... oh, well...
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
Been singing Jimi Hendrix songs all week >>>>>
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
can't wait...
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
And Adele wins album of the year!!! :) Yay!!!
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
Unless you're into that
lol, that would be hella funny.
so curious looking..
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
We better burn while your out here dude!!
I lost 2 followers. Who are they??
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
Just picked up Neil and Carley from the airport! Good to have them back!
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Its clarity is a blessing.
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Hi. Can you follow me?
I dont have any patience :/
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
with who?
People should NOT be able to graduate high school without knowing the difference between "there" "their" and "they're".
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Avoid using abrasive tooth powders, salt, tobacco, etc. for cleaning the teeth.
Cheers to neighbors!
lol aww school can be a drag but it's worth it in the end, I know it's cliche but it's true. Yeah I've been focusing on school 2..
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
Babbbbbyyyyy I want to
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
Happy Birthday !!!
Thank you for your inspiring story! Our 4th child/only CFer is 8months old & your story gives us hope! CF won't define her!
But you know I'm 23 going on 50!
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Thanks so much love!!! RT : Happy 1st Birthday
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
what up
Listening to DMX at 3:30am just cause I can
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
ok it will never happen again
hey boo how you been You okay?
what a tune
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
text me
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
u should oovoo me
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
": Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times." yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Yes sir
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
what's up??
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Sweet beard, Kyle.
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
Don't find a fault; find a remedy. - Henry Ford
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
u kno it girl
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
zoo date with ?
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
Looking forward to a long weekend
": Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times." yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
hey,ugly,call me)))
came through clutch sir
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
just to have a timeline i'd actually like to read
Getting ready to head over to the #PKEtwEATup pretty soon to enjoy the last weekend in July!
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
Focus. Focus. Focus.
what up :)
I hope had a stinkin awesome graduation weekend! Glad I got to celebrate w/her at least for a little while ;)
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
Helped out at circ desk.
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Know of good deals in Louisville? Tweet us at
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
10 more pages done in my newest book ~ woo hoo!
haha. looks like u got some competition for best impression. lil girl is GOIN IN!! crazy!
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
The Village People lied to me
hey stud
Thanks for sharing, Chris.
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
Thank you, !! Ready to get you some new fans. How can there be Chicagoans not already be in love w/ you?
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
RT : Keep ur back safe when bending down: Bend the knees, bend from the hips, keep ur spine lined up.
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
Welcome to the squad and and
you're awesome Kelly!
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
that's sucks so bad, you better come in and see me still!
Bumping tew the motto :)
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
I miss you to! Of course! 
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
come and get it from us.
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
follow back? (:
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com & saved 10% THANKS :) keep it real
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
look as this gay ass fool
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
Drew Goldstein from Pittsburgh and I'm thrilled to be here...do your thing Kevin!
what's up??
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
Happy half way to weekend! :)
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
The tool section is right by the mirrors
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
"I know I gotta Crush"
10 more chocolates ;)
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
i love you so much
awesome to hear of your recent purchase, be sure ot hit us up and tell us how if fits!!!
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
im cool B) follow me?
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
Sound terrifying.
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
no school :) doing #nothing all day
NY Comedy Festival this weekend! Performing in the Love Machine Show on Friday
Some things are better left unsaid
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
They ain't givin the Heat no kinda fouls!!
can't wait...
I like the green myself, or black.
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Plans are coming together for IA weekend! & will be going to #TheBank to see & celebrate my bday/her graduation!
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
just bought my first new bike in a long time despite my fears about city biking in SF. it helps that the bike is beautiful!
love that show.
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Fuck a wine set nigga fuck a mind set
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
Kobe shot selection <<<
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
fat as fuck
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
are you in the "it's alive" session?
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
I wish I was asleep still...
I really wanna go swimming....
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
Gians vs. Eagles, returns. This should be an epic Sunday.
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
Are you a recent graduate or are you just now finding our Twitter page?
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
our future is in or hands
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
where'd u hear it? I needs me a copy :)
bahahah your welcome x)
I found the spoon I lost last night....
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
Show on Friday at South Minster!
And what exactly are you reading?
shush, you!
Gordon turns the corner and bursts for about 30 yards, down to the 20
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
no waiting go get it
Shouldn't it be called a "hairScut" not a "haircut"? Unless you really are just getting 1 hair cut...
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
It was nice meeting you at Citrus!
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
hi there :D
The link is up for the last game of tonight go to www.watchnhllive.com and register and enjoy tonights game and every game in the future !!!
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
We got to see it too! So cool!
Pain in my lower right abdomen should be easy to diagnose since my gallbladder and appendix have already been removed.
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
I got a lot of associates and very few friends
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
I share that fear...
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Certainly not certain.
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
that's sucks so bad, you better come in and see me still!
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
Ringo's Mexican food count on this trip now up to 5. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Thanks for coming by Drew! Hope you enjoyed yourself.
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
Writing... Writing and Writing
Hi. Can you follow me?
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
go cry me a river. And FYI, it'll bring everyone's level of living down, but it'll be relative to how it is now.
ya that taco place is the epitome of a Bordain late night pig out clip from No Reservations. Fav ep was Japan filmed b4 quake
Ash no me quede al partty :/
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
that's what I thought haha
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Good news. Wiggle on.
Craziness in 77S near 82B - SWAT, K9, city and county police. Major delays.
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
u say the coolest things!! write a damn book please!!
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
aha thanks guys.
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
where u from
Fifth Suggestion, Work on spending at least thirty minutes catching up on the days' goings on and let her talk you listen.
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
ok!! will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
Thanks for the mention! How was your experience?
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
will try. Thx.
Church , The opening of my aunt's ice cream shop , & then quince practice !
Bumping tew the motto :)
you can be our driver and beer runner!
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
Thank you
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
Instead of Arkham Terror, it's Arkham Monopoly. ACTIVIA!
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
Good luck guys!!
A SWOT analysis may be carried out on a project, department, person, or other. (part 2 of 2)
Abraham Lincoln: "If you intend to go to work, there is no better place than right where you are."
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
At least that involves some cooking...mine has been known to scramble an egg, but that's it!
Don't fall asleep. Seriously, that was the problem when I used to try it years ago.
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
Show on Friday at South Minster!
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
can't wait...
good morning wow that's cool Ty
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Are you looking for any producers to get beats from?!
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out. Andy's jazz is another good spot.
hey,ugly,call me)))
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
damn right! That makes my day. Thanks for the support man!
RT : Still on the hunt for beats! Email WE ARE LISTENING TO EVERY BEAT YOU SEND! (attachments)
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
come and get it from us.
no idea
Subway session with
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
My pool needs to be opened asap
suppose to be doing homework, but what am I doing? Looking at pageant dresses... EPIC FAIL.
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
#27 jason from both(:
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
make that two pieces.
#peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
Vanilla! :P
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
Lol! Have I been summonsed?
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
Omg this is so hillbilly
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Long 20 minutes ahead.
thanks for having us last night. so glad i tried the lettuce wraps!
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
I need passwords!! Lol
lol this dude J spent like a half hour talkin shit about because we beat him a few hours ago its pathetic
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
Picture jewels being handed 2 an innocent child... I never knew... I had 2 b 9 yrs. old when that came out RT
at FCC release of consumer survey of broadband adoption at the Brookings Institute
Watching longest yard!(:
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
i don`t remember paying for things
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
Popped the lenses outta my 3-d glasses.Now there Nerd glasses bitch!haha
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
i don`t remember paying for things
no ego here, well maybe a little
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
Thank you Tulalip for a great show tonight. Now, time to catch some z's. Goodnight everyone!
Thanks for spreading the word about the Mandala exhibition! :) Only open for 1 more month!
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
I have so much to do.
I don't think so
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia - it is a must visit! Slovenia's coast is fab, too. Love Turkey & it's food
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
The Thing could put up a fight.
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
How about a follow lovely ? xx
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Only if they knew.!
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
are you going to have another twitter party?
#Heat targeting
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
At a talk with and
Great Idea! MT #CT2011 Creativity&Collab Idea Anyone building match.com web db of #university research to empower connections?
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
lol, that would be hella funny.
Defense wins championships.
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
Oh, I'm so sorry.
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
How about a follow lovely ? xx
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Man this world is just about all the way screwed up til its scares me to watch the news. Im not lying
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
Fingers crossed for good news this week for The ToyMaker !!
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!! Now make it to the final two KU!! ": KS Survives!!!"
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
no ego here, well maybe a little
LA is my fav place on the world!
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
haha I'm watching him now.
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
What's goin' on out there peeps? I mean besides this #PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
Finna get on my level before the night begins
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
look as this gay ass fool
Happy Friday, stay classy !
what's up??
who fell down the hill
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
Follow organization!
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
its my goal idk why
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
soccer practice tomorrow at 9 in the morning. ._______. great.
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
too late to join me?
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
RT : ": RT : after it premiered on 106&park will it go on straight after?"
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
I wish pop
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
ah, just reminded me to schedule workouts as diligently as I do the rest of my life--I did walk the beach 2x over the weekend!
At a talk with and
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
I'll be your safety school if you like!
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
We all need somebody to lean on
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
Oh yeah, the more he lies, the more God cries. Just kidding-the Light is exposing the Dark. It's gross to see, but all is well.
where u from
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
Went to visit master banjo builder Robin Smith to photograph his shop & his wife greeted me w a huge plate of xmas cookies.
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
Thank you for the RT!
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
": Cookout anyone" Birch was there
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
Thanks for the mention! Hope your day is great! Mojo Marketing
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
you almost scared me there for a second
Me and Cody broke up
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
oh stop it. Your so cute.
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
hey I just met you!
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
That's awesome =)
remember less than two months ago when we were complaining about how it was too hot for running on 10.10.10? ahh. good times.
One of Obama's Secret Service agents refused to pay a prostitute? Come on. You can't cheat someone off of services rendered.
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
Why am i not getting reception in my own bed?
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
#27 jason from both(:
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
Rain, fabulous rain!
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
Be tremendous.
I also think the book-centric focus shows how every panelist has both a DH work & a trad. book linkage - crossover feel
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
happy early birthday!! =]
thanks for the shoutout
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
let's get a drink girl
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
Forbes Midas List Recognizes Institutional Venture Partners (IVP) - MarketWatch (press release)
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
Just went to Virginia today. My friend Melissa and I went to some museum, went out and tried putting out a fire. Now my bearpaws are burnt
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
#EverydayIThinkAbout Going back to sleep.
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome! Gifts indeed.... prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
Kobe shot selection <<<
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
Happy Birthday !!!
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
": hahahahahahahah is that ??" look at danni ratting ppl out
Thank you Tulalip for a great show tonight. Now, time to catch some z's. Goodnight everyone!
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
Lumberg popped into my head immediately. Um yeah....
": Whoever wins the Mega tonight needs to let me Host there Celebration Party... 45 47 !!!!"
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
Seriously!? LUCKY!
Makes my day when I go to make coffee and already has it waiting for me.
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
G'night :D
hahaha love to see that you are doing better already!!!! the show was amazing last night really wish yall could have played NZT
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
excuse me, miss?
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
Is there a site that tells you what crimes are CURRENTLY happening in your hood? #ThingsToFindInAdvance!
Thanks for all of my new followers
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
its not lol
How can the Federal Government not want to help increase border security? Do they think they are above the danger?
the football fight was awesome
going to my grandpas for dinner then going bowling afterwards! It's going to be funn :D
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
counting all different ideas, drifting away
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
Come out and see us. We'll be at McGovern's in San Mateo tonight at 10.
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
It's okay to not put every song you recorded on the album.
thanks for adding us to your web design companies list!
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
Collab album with vanila ice maybe
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
"This is one Santa that's going out the front door."
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
when ed has an orange mic
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
Damn that sucks
www.chicagodjnetwork.com "Chicago DJ Network" is playing my music.
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
shower of shite
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
and I love you for it. another thing i love: lollapawinners, which you also are.
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
gonna tease my hair today (:
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
Unless you're into that
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
I wish pop
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
oh hay girl ;)
Bet the house!
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
u kno it girl
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
wats up homie. Trying to make some connections ur area. Lets work
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
Amen!RT : when in doubt... worship.
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
okay its fine! For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
Writing... Writing and Writing
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
i do follow
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
Making cash tomorrow... :)
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
Haha nice! Congrats! =) I'm moving on into my 3rd year in the fall. :o
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
Damn you, voice of reason!
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
On fire!
Thanks for the follow
Day two of ignoring him...
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
On fire!
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Staying up late and can't sleep.
I am majorly bummed out.
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Luol Deng makes the All-Star team. It's about time. Well deserved this year.
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out. Andy's jazz is another good spot.
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
Hey ! Killer
full house in the reading room!
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Ponds Cold Cream
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
Thanks for all of my new followers
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
PLEASE! :D
New came out yesterday.....what'd you think?!
Everyone needs something to believe in. What do you believe in?
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
Good news. Wiggle on.
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
you know me so well bruh :)
you ride?!
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
Wait, are they talking about 3D printed objects as even being copyrightable? That's the fundamental issue.
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
u kno it girl
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
I want an iphone4
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
chill soon
why can't I text you?? ):
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
Any word? Still want the Small jersey?
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
Mountain dew white out is really good
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
#uCantBeToughAndSay that your ok when deep down your screaming for help!:/
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
just referenced IT Crowd in #e205 session. Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
Being the best I can be...
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
damn right! That makes my day. Thanks for the support man!
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
Good news. Wiggle on.
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
of course!
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
Let's see how many times I can watch sportscenter in a row
Whats up bro? How did the audition go?
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Resource poor can occur in any country, definitely bottom billion elements occurring in the US as well.
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
that's the jam right?!
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
IBM. It's kinda old.
Governor Perry is a freaking joke. I feel like I'm listening to and looking at a Bush clone.
less than an hour left...vote ROMAN NELSON for HOMECOMING KING before midnight!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
I'm selfish when it comes to my girl, I share her with NOBODY
": wasn't good enough of a boy today maybe tom" the story of Konz slipping and sliding into GB?
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
aye u know rosemo700 got smoked
ohh cool cool !! im getting a new one on saturday!
Meant to be!!!
What's goin' on out there peeps? I mean besides this #PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
zoo date with ?
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
Where are you anyways?
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
Hey friends. You will NOT be able to get into our 21+ red carpet event if you don't RSVP. Please RSVP to thanks!
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Looking forward to fall, O-M-G...anyone want new fall MUST HAVES? Visit Justfab.com! Need a referral link? Ask and you shall receive! <3
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Getting ready to head over to the #PKEtwEATup pretty soon to enjoy the last weekend in July!
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
Just saw this Jackie. How awful! Prayers for your family!
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
you know me so well bruh :)
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Highland Park - Deerfield Illinois Township High School District 113 soundly defeats bond referendum. Sign of the times.
How about a follow lovely ? xx
their extra storage is "magical".
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
It was delightful to meet ! I kept his water glass full and made sure he cleaned his plate at dinner. /
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
I love Patagonia...hmm...does kick things up into the next price level...
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
June bugs in May? Warm summer?
where you at bro?
I love these days (:
The Thing could put up a fight.
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
you at the crib?
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
My man's out of town & what do I want to do? Watch baseball (the rest of the year, I beg to change the channel!). Bring on the Boomstick!
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
I over think things way too much for my own good.
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
remember the great feeling you felt when you clicked the "follow" button? No, maybe it was just me, anyway, I've lost that feeling.. so sad!
On fire!
shush, you!
when is it coming out
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
i love but i dont wanna hurt the other feelings
I'm good, thanks for asking! Whatcha doing?
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
u a good person tho for helping them out..
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
Shoutouts to my #NF!! follow the homie ASAP! because #Avenue told you so.. Yeeezzzziiiirrrrr!
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
. inspires me.
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
Rain, fabulous rain!
where you at bro?
where's shake shack?
We had about 15-20 people for our first screening, which seemed just fine.
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
i saw nerdist on attack of the show chris hardwick is halarious
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
"I'm like a hairless rat rn." o.o
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
Good Afternoon Y'all.
It's all about the 212.
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Not every man really lives.
zoo date with ?
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Thank you god! My dad got a job!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
Bet the house!
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
Rudy is the only boyfriend my mom has ever liked <3 awh mom likes ma babehhh
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
shoutout to my haters, obvi you couldnt phase me.
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
Hey ! Killer
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
office descends into loud conversation after mass realization that we've all seen people come up from zynga, use our bathroom and not flush
Patriots all the way!!!!
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
That's cool. Are you Going to hang them up?
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
Choking the chicken
I should go to bed at 11:30 every night.
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
Flawless, love. <3
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
I feel balanced! My man pierced me again!
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
omg girl I have to tell you some stuff I heard today ....
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
7 massive SportsRadio 1250 signs absolutely necessary? Or is GE's memory so poor he needs constant reminder what station hes on
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Seriously considering donating plasma after finding TWO $100 traffic violations in my mailbox this morning. Thanks, Illinois.
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
hikes are better. Like, whenever I go to the gym to work on my biceps or give my delts a blast, I think, I could be hiking now LOL
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
hey,ugly,call me)))
watching here in Los Angeles!!
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
#LeeDeWyzeRocksOurWorld, lets make it trend! RT
Bait a hook.
WooHoo! Just stocked up on Corona! It was on sale for 2.99/6pk!
ROFL 'no option to update #Facebook status yet but maybe in 30mins' Love the #startups agility
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week. We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
where are you in the lib?
where are you in the lib?
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
I'd like to pt out that has nearly finished TFIOS. In 1 hour. My gf is a speed-reading superhero & I NEED TO GIVE HER KLEENEX.
show was dizzying and i didn't get to see all of it closely. i'm definitely going back for a second look.
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
Can't wait to try it
haha. looks like u got some competition for best impression. lil girl is GOIN IN!! crazy!
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
whatever that was doughty, nice.
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
RT this if you love your mother
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
Pain in my lower right abdomen should be easy to diagnose since my gallbladder and appendix have already been removed.
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
tomorrow...tomorrow begins a weekend of awesomeness! and can we just start the party?
I am so glad someone thinks that other than me!
Is there LINK to the "Lobbying for Architecture" infographic? I loved it, but received it as a PDF...
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
writers Alexandra Teague & Noriko Nakada read tonight. Thaisa Frank & Richard Katrovas had to cancel last minute...sorry!
The Green Room.
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
Husband hauling 2nd water craft to St Paul from parents' sold lake place; this one our trusty Lund. Will be exploring urban waters soon.
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
yea baby
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
Like the new LinkedIn "Company Follow" option.
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
Tick tick.
About to watch One Day.
oh hay girl ;)
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
Just picked up Neil and Carley from the airport! Good to have them back!
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
Exciting news coming!!! STAY TUNED!
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
very cool! How random is that?
#notguilty #shocked wonders what the jury know we don't, Jose Biaz & team just became legends.
looks pretty much over to me
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
Register for the Heartland Worship Institute before the end of January for the lowest price ever of only $89. Jeff Deyo, Bob Sorge....& more
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
#Heat targeting
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
I know that you probably hear this a lot (sorry!) but I really like your nose! :)
1st time Ive received an over 90% AT&T warning for my data plan. If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ &
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
#prayforreysa oh God i wish she will be fine O:)
I know! Wtf
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
I LOVE LIFE<3
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
where are you in the lib?
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Getting ready to head over to the #PKEtwEATup pretty soon to enjoy the last weekend in July!
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
That site is amazing.
I find a lot of accidental haiku on twitter.
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
we need to go to a show together.
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
Show on Friday at South Minster!
Aww that's so sweet :)
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
follow back? (:
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
Check it out!
"I'm like a hairless rat rn." o.o
Newt is getting ready to endorse himself in Florida.
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Good lord! Lol!
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here, and it feels like I deal with ALL of them on a daily basis
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Chk My Upcoming Shows <----
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
Thanks for the follow
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
lol duly noted but still hahaha
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
but your name is blondie?
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
Gettin late here in LA. Going to call it a night. See you guys in the morning!
my cats! and if you accepted my friend request you would know that :) cc
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
it's beautiful :)
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
I just don't understand people these days. Smh
thanks for the shoutout
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
Mother nature playing with us lol
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Great to be here in San Antonio. Looking forward to a great
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
hey ya.)
Watching longest yard!(:
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
you promised me the moon and stars..
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
oh im never in there hahha
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
Unless you're into that
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
why didnt u wake me?
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
It is too hot
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked. It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
I've missed you, Jason Stackhouse!
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
no waiting go get it
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
muncie till race weekend come see me
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
I just want 8flavahs to go home. no offense. I just don't like them.
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
Should I do the no shave november?
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
Can't wait to try it
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?
Hey ! Killer
10 more chocolates ;)
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
#27 jason from both(:
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
Spring Fever is in full effect!!! Make sure you have those boat batteries charged all of the time with the PowerHotSpot from Solis Energy!
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
which I read first in the Detroit News. Got any original reporting to offer?
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
You can't please all mf's
You can't please all mf's
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Steelers game moved next week to late game
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
Not every man really lives.
Big east champs
As a joke x]
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
": Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10? That will show him who's boss." hahahah
Thanks for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays. Best, Matthew
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
I can't wait see these men who are tatted from head to toe when we're like 40, ur gonna lk so foolish at your child's college graduation lol
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
a lot b-days this month
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
when is it coming out
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
yes Pirates start this friday .
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
happy Friday my friend.
yeah me too
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
Watching longest yard!(:
Good lord! Lol!
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
nice have fun
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope *S.B.S.E.* Just know DATT!!!!!
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;)
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
Our La Jolla gig fell through. We're now available to play May 21-29 in So Cal. Chinese buffets, hospital, schools, weddings. Any takers?
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
that's the jam right?!
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
Hello, How do we submit a press release for consideration?
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers. <3
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
Do only that which is right. Period.
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
it means he doesn't want to work a respectable job his entire life basically...
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
hey cutie
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
ihate when iget high in the MIDDLE of the blunt.
Just signed up for MLB app. Got our tickets for #Nats games. Let's play ball!
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
but it takes a day to get there lol
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
it IS my weekend! :)
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Thanks to you and the coaching staff for organizing the trip. what a terrific experience.
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
So What Have You Been Up To ?
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
their extra storage is "magical".
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
Yup. I'm mad, bro. I like McChickens. -.- lmfao
Rudy is the only boyfriend my mom has ever liked <3 awh mom likes ma babehhh
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
wutz good i got a neo soul joint im working ima send you a snip..so let me know wut you think..
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
The part with the aliens was intense.
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
its my goal idk why
can't wait to hear what you dig.
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
long live those fashion quotes
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
their extra storage is "magical".
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
Thanks for coming by Drew! Hope you enjoyed yourself.
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
I'll take care of you
Congratulations on vocalist of the year!
In #band with and aka my buds :)
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
lmao! U loving the new place?
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
no problem!! hahahaha
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
I gotta find it.
baby I want you so bad ;)
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
Late night #Phillies game, #Flyers not til Wednesday! Guess I'll catch up on the DVR for a few hours. What first-Coms or Drams?
Haha, my friends have a great taste in music!
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
me and wanna come see yu at webster hall...what time does it start? does anybody know??
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
agreed. bit of "shock value" there. similar to email is dead. but, agreed, dynamic, ever changing and fun!
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
e!! That sounds sketchy !
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Can you see the show from where you're at?
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
sorry , is a bit of a better product. i can sync multiple Google Accounts with it. nice try though.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
is it we found love?? I love that song!
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
Can people even see my posts??
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. 
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
The part with the aliens was intense.
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
Thank you to and for the RTs!
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
Good lord! Lol!
QoTD: "A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying." (Allen Steble)
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
Q10. Something amazing that happened as a result of tweeting
good morning wow that's cool Ty
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Oh Mosley must need $
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
I gets get my dick licked lol
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
Thanks WDIY 88.1 FM for broadcasting my recording of "Don't Get Around Much Anymore"! Aloha Pennsylvania
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
I'm so sleepy
bro u need to get a location so we can film that straight shots video lol
Its clarity is a blessing.
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
You and the boys are adored.
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
hey boo how you been You okay?
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
Happy Labor Day everybody.
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
The rain won't stop..
Life can be tough but maintaining optimistic attitude is a must.
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Oh, the DayTimer...
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
No success comes over night you have to work hard,you can dream about it or you can go out there and make it happen
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
Calendar of Events - May 2
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Hairbag saved my life.
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
I just want to get this over
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
follow back? (:
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 04/20/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
Haha everyone favorite/retweet last tweet.
no school :) doing #nothing all day
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
No Bates!
lol I hear u
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it! Lets go.
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
Sound terrifying.
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
thanks Paul
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
wants to buy your used Gaylord Boxes. Call 561-721-3400 today and we could pick up tomorrow! N10 day terms too!
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
I just had someone get so angry with me when I pointed out the fact they were a Gen Yer, not Gen Xer. Guess he didn't like the rep of Gen Y.
Another example of "I didn't leave the Rep. Party, it left me." Lack of focus on financial issues and just plain dumb social stands.
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
Waiting on this good pizza though
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
I just sucked my own dick for the first time
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
in programming, the simplest mistakes always seem to be thr most difficult to realize.
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
lol I hear u
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
come and get it from us.
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
Im off Saturday
is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Very catchy I love the synths!
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
I know that you probably hear this a lot (sorry!) but I really like your nose! :)
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
RT Just found out I'll be interviewing star John Shurna on tonight!
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Certainly not certain.
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
how old are u
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
I always think that but never have won one yet.
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
My pool needs to be opened asap
lol duly noted but still hahaha
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
Bostonians, lend me your ear (or feedback): any recommendations for a Back Bay (Saturday night) dinner spot?
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
don't make me say tornado siren!
is Legendary 
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
Brewing the darkroast it smells so good...
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
I soon i get internet again and i dont have to use my phone to get on twitter i will follow my new followers back! That's a promise!
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
tomorrow will be devoted to words, mark my words.
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
Love u too mommy !! <3
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
Very catchy I love the synths!
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
Ain't nobody like you.
counting all different ideas, drifting away
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
Had my first rumor spread about me #inmiddleschool .
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
RT : "There will be so many times you feel like you've failed. But in the eyes... of your child you ARE Super Mom."
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
the term today is applicable to a very small per centage of fathers. Most want to help but are forced out by enforcement!BOOK!
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
In the new Spider-man movie, he wears shoes that stick to walls? And mechanical web-shooters? That just makes him a really strong guy.
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
Like really
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
Why Wud I Be MAD??
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Amen. I'm mostly surprised that amazon did the overdrive deal in first place and skip over libraries already.
i say my hell is the closet and i'm stuck inside -dave matthews
baby I want you so bad ;)
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
come to firewheel with me tomorrow!
i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
Loser ass boy lmfao
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
Yes- I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab... and makes a hell of a drink /cc
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
AH! awesome.
": Guys think they can live the single life til There 40! It's going to get old. Trust me." pimpin since been pimpin
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
Reviewing volunteer work on the #PealeBCLM photo print inventory list. A lot was left out so I'm pulling all 90 boxes...
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
Certainly understandable. Love the idea though. Will be fun to follow
or subliminally fitting
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
if forced to predict, who lines up as #3 WR on wed. Sept. 5th?
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
thanks baby. How have YOU been? Come visit me
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
where u from
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
Ain't nobody like you.
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
I know
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
omg girl I have to tell you some stuff I heard today ....
: OH. LOL east coast?
Mountain dew white out is really good
Happy half way to weekend! :)
Luol Deng makes the All-Star team. It's about time. Well deserved this year.
our future is in or hands
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
thank you!!!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
lol duly noted but still hahaha
The most shocking aspect of this Penn St. fiasco is how these guys were able to cover it up for 14 years.
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
baby I want you so bad ;)
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
i do follow
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
I found the spoon I lost last night....
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
:) hope you made it by!
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
Some things are better left unsaid
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
Dude, still waiting 4 the game. Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend? I'll try.
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
Major upgrade of the Banshee Scream going on. Getting ready for DH in Vermont. Will post pictures on Facebook next week.
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
Unless you're into that
Boy stays grounded. Mom explains that actions that take only seconds can result in pain that lasts a long time. Boy loves Mom.
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Yes sir
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
Carbo-loading all morning
What a god night :))
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Even though factoring involves B2B transactions, a large percentage of retail business utilizes a Factor.
": score a lot of goals tomorrow and beat RSL, alright?" And clean sheet too!
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
follow back? (:
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
Please follow me u r an inspiration and an amazing singer! Now everyone go follow Alyssa NOW!
Bout to be on the westbank...
hi there :D
Lending ebooks on : Libraries take the physical book, digitize it, and then lend out the digital copy online
Both. Duh.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
I love how we used to shop during class.. I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree. I would be top student! I miss you
My plans consist of #Diablo3 #betatesting today. It's pretty
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
Kobe shot selection <<<
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
full house in the reading room!
lol aww school can be a drag but it's worth it in the end, I know it's cliche but it's true. Yeah I've been focusing on school 2..
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
did you tell them to suck it
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
for sure!
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
ATTENTION! We want to hold a contest where your agency/business could win a year's subscription (Val. > $1600). DM me if interested. PLS RT.
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
That site is amazing.
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
tell her keith us gonna be there.
Count your blessings
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
todays been a little rough..
Check out Friday.
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
You ever been to Mansfield?
todays been a little rough..
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
Thank you! Love my flowers!
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
I'm coming for you.
I'm getting to pandora now . I left my wallet home and had to go back like a retard
no waiting go get it
Counting down the days!
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Ain't nobody like you.
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
Cheers to neighbors!
All Aboard!
Well played hahaha
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
it's beautiful :)
#whatif I talk that talk :]
Staying up late and can't sleep.
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
The Kings are making the Blues their Queens. I'll be here all night. Actually, I'm going to bed.
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
Oh Mosley must need $
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
I just want someone with good taste in music.
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
#AnchorBias : I just missed, because the top 10 wasn't a Top 40
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
I miss you-_-
Should I do the no shave november?
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
UGK hold up
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
Yep tasty! Glad I have another option aside from Redbridge & Bard's. I hear rumors more G-free beers r a' comin.
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
You can't please all mf's
Finna get on my level before the night begins
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
Oh Mosley must need $
thanks for sharing great news about #yoga!
what's oomf
where are you in the lib?
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Lol, I was getting to that Damion.
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
Heavy metal lovvaaaaaa
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
I just don't understand people these days. Smh
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
why is it that you always seem to notice everyone BUT me?
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
Me and Cody broke up
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Steelers game moved next week to late game
let's get a drink girl
cap full of bleach
Where are you anyways?
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
Focus. Focus. Focus.
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
what up
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
but it takes a day to get there lol
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
Can't wait to try it
Man this is so ridiculous. I cannot wait for this party. FRIDAY PLEASE HURRY!
looks pretty much over to me
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
no not really
#SaySomething makes me wanna drop everything im doing and dance<3 #PERFECTION 6
Hello, How do we submit a press release for consideration?
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
Hi. Can you follow me?
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Let me ease your minnddd
Still edible?
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
Any songs you handsome fucks wanna see us cover?
This muthafucka #rkelly had the studio staff running around LA looking 4 a lifesize mirror that he could record in front of
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Arrived home safe but very tired. I may just sleep until tomorrow.
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
i don`t remember paying for things
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
LA is my fav place on the world!
You ever been to Mansfield?
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
I'm going to bed!!!
Oh, I'm so sorry.
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
follow me please i need to DM you something :D
lol yea I have admit that I do
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
Didnt think it was normal for street lights to be on during the day.
That moment you figure out your schedule and RateMyProfessor informs you that your teachers are dicks.Deal with itorchange the whole thing?
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
i'm fine thanks you?
I just want someone with good taste in music.
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
Should I do the no shave november?
how old are u
i seriously love you too (:
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
its not lol
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
Bet the house!
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
#peoplewatching in the library and Severus Snape walked by
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
don't worry you'll get it, you you go to the people I follow, you will learn so much about 1D(the things they tweet)
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
happy Friday my friend.
I had to turn in tix. Do get em from there. :)
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
what a tune
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
cap full of bleach
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
Your O-face makes me smile.
Like really
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
Preparing to celebrate the past, present, and future life of - HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
gonna be a fun mom
you will be awesome. I wish we had all planned to go as a class.
will try. Thx.
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
happy early birthday!! =]
where u from
Wat yo silly ass up to
u kno it girl
Downloaded a bunch of to my phone horray :) I like the old and new albums :) fuck I like them all.
(:  You see that? I choose to use it to make everyone think I'm happy.
RT : Looking forward to #AskArchivists Day on June 9--ask us about digital preservation & personal archiving! Use
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
#interviewtip DGE: if you are not told what to wear for your interview, always OVER-dress. It looks wayy better than being under-dressed!
Week off of work but not a week off of work.
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
Thank you! Love my flowers!
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
Words to live by. RT : #nothingwrongwith wearing white after Labor's Day
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
Well. Freshman year is officially done.
Need to get my day started, got to get me some coffee!
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
Start socializing at Clyde's right after #ogi... then head over to Cap City later on ~7ish
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome! Gifts indeed.... prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
that's what I thought haha
So What Have You Been Up To ?
ePUBs are the best!
Thank you so much.. i retweeted..
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
Hope to see you all tonight celebrating #Disability_Awareness_Month with for #Murderball, 4:30pm at Herron!!!
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
I can only watch romantic movies hii LOL nd im so serious!!
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
I really want to wear these boots with this dress... and now all of a sudden Steve's a fashion expert.
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
did I tweet that out loud?
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
The feeling is entirely mutual. CONGRATS! Now, time to bask in a job well-done.
Beach day!
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
": Is being detail-oriented something a person can learn or is it innate?" falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
Come out and see us. We'll be at McGovern's in San Mateo tonight at 10.
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
I'm selfish when it comes to my girl, I share her with NOBODY
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
Congratulations Bethany; good luck with your remaining endeavors this semester; what's your domain name?
Oh yeah and they are deeply religious.
RT : "There will be so many times you feel like you've failed. But in the eyes... of your child you ARE Super Mom."
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
yep Fire on the Mountain is not to be missed!
No be mad at me..
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
Like really
4 days and I'm home again
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
Ben Hochman from the Denver Post talks Nuggets coming up next!
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
RT : Keep ur back safe when bending down: Bend the knees, bend from the hips, keep ur spine lined up.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
Wrong ":Alex Trebeck? ": #Whoami? Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore"
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
Subway session with
"I know I gotta Crush"
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
According to Penn World Tables, P GDP per capita in Mexico now is about what it was in the US in 1950.
I must have sat on a spider last night at work cuz I came home with 14 bites all within a 6 inch area on my hip. Itchy, itchy!
Yep, that's me! It wasn't Days of Heaven, it was Far From Heaven.
who fell down the hill
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
Kobe shot selection <<<
Constantly hearing the sucking sound of a vacuum coming out of my wallet.
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Kindly toss #Kony into the turbine or drop a photovoltaic on him RT Bringing renewable energy to Africa
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
G'night :D
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
that's the jam right?!
Fridays are always slow I could use some entertainment ha
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
Some Of These Bitches Be Bout Ratchet As Hell In Person But Be Lookin A Whole Notha Person On Twitter / Facebook !
Yeah I am in class until 7.
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
Tick tick.
#MyFavMichaelJacksonSongIs I want you back!<3
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
ok it will never happen again
Being the best I can be...
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
I rather carry a satchel than a purse anyday .
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
You know you're a badass when you can make #Finland look like a great place to visit! Touch
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
Eggplant w/ angel hair pasta and tomato sauce for dinner
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
In #band with and aka my buds :)
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Hey ! Killer
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
Our extension for WRITTEN submissions ends tomorrow night! Submit your poetry, short stories, interviews, etc. to .
Choking the chicken
Gettin late here in LA. Going to call it a night. See you guys in the morning!
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Aww that's so sweet :)
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
Thanks for all of my new followers
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
I'll be your safety school if you like!
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
Looking forward to fall, O-M-G...anyone want new fall MUST HAVES? Visit Justfab.com! Need a referral link? Ask and you shall receive! <3
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
it IS my weekend! :)
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
Pre-Conference workshops begin at 9 am in El Granada and Montara. You must be registered for these additional sessions to attend.
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
I just started watching Mad Men so I finally get your picture. I spent many a tweet wondering who that was
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
Governor Perry is a freaking joke. I feel like I'm listening to and looking at a Bush clone.
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
stop crying you baby
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
Hi. Can you follow me?
My nigga told me u going! Haha
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
-- watching #HopeFloats. Love this movie. One of my faves.
Need to bring Woodson back
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was so good!.
MY DAD AND SISTER GOT ADMITTED TO A HOSPIITAL LAST NIGHT AND MY RELATIONSHIP IS GOING HORRIBLE!
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
I want an app that let's you make apps
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
At least that involves some cooking...mine has been known to scramble an egg, but that's it!
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
thanks " NEVER. RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?."
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
thanks for all the Austin restaurant advice. Looking forward to seeing you live on stage soon. cc
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
not here. It's beautiful
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
what do u mean
Just recorded an additional two tracks for "left". Stay tuned for a sample.
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
i don`t remember paying for things
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
. inspires me.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
RT : Just like we abandoned Michael, we abandoned Whitney when she needed us most
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
cap full of bleach
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
lol, that would be hella funny.
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
Nerves aren't too bad for Game 6
just bought my first new bike in a long time despite my fears about city biking in SF. it helps that the bike is beautiful!
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
logan, now I am gonna punch you in the face. I told you not to be mean to riley!!!
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
zoo date with ?
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
Hope you guys are having a great weekend!
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
Thanks for coming by Drew! Hope you enjoyed yourself.
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
I missed you anyway ;)
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
I'm good, thanks for asking! Whatcha doing?
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
Moldy makes me a sad girl.
left wing. I played in an all-male league, and I was literally the only girl. It was so fun!!
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?! OMG
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
And what exactly are you reading?
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
no school :) doing #nothing all day
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
Well played hahaha
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
u kno it girl
She said you're such a dog, I said you're such a b-one
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
Y'all all make it rain but I make it hurricane
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
this falling rain is cozy
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
isn't that the truth!
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
The One That Got Away played on the radio today & I automatically thought of dancing to it:)
almost, our project will be out this summer.
You can't pattern your life after what someone else is doing. That's why we have the holy spirit. -Jenn Johnson
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
#FrostBank has THE BEST customer service. I highly recommend them to all of my #Texas friends.
Oh, please, please no. Can't take that again. C'mon, Chloe, don't fail us now.
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
I'm working on coming to terms with the fact that, what society deems "comfortable" i call borderline frigid.
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
Lol too much work !
I love you too and yay I'm proud of you! :)
yes it is convenient, but as a type II diabetic, insulin is still a hassle :-)
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
Heading up to Fisher for end-of-day hors d'ouevres (arranged by #badassrobert) to wrap up part 1 of this energizing
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
ur welcome and if yall need a doctor, holler at your boy! lol :P
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
like a boss
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
RT : The greatest impurity is ignorance.Free yourself from it.Be pure. - Buddha
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
I already know Fam!!!
they were in red! Jennifer, I agree if we get gold they'd do it at The Grove, which would be AMAZING!
Everyone needs something to believe in. What do you believe in?
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
I just want real love.
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
I'm still mad that the Facebook app doesn't have that page where you can put people's profiles. Now it's so hard to creep on
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
worth the commute? #Rockies Mini-Plans still available for 2012. Pick your own 25-game package & get one game free
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
i voted for yall can i get a follow backplease #YOMO #TeamMindless LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART:):):)
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Tomorrow will never come, have you not noticed that??
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
Happy birthday big fella
Shrek is to trippy right now
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
Need to escape to a quiet place in Chinatown away from the #Caps madness? We're ready for you! Just blocks away from the metro, 5th & Mass
love it!
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
Worst day:(
is coming to Harvey's Lake Tahoe on July 21. Tickets go on sale Feb. 24. Who's going?
it's beautiful :)
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
text me
thank you!!!
+1 ": The truth is, is a heck of a human being. Lucky to have him in #MNLeg."
Hope to see you all tonight celebrating #Disability_Awareness_Month with for #Murderball, 4:30pm at Herron!!!
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
You too sir!
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
A SWOT analysis may be carried out on a project, department, person, or other. (part 2 of 2)
No matter how many times I look at my tickets.... no dice. Damn.
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
Spring Fever is in full effect!!! Make sure you have those boat batteries charged all of the time with the PowerHotSpot from Solis Energy!
Loser ass boy lmfao
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
text me tomorrow :) lol its past your bed time !
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
I love you MORE PAY !
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
Subway session with
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Im going to email you some info
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
haha I'm watching him now.
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
where are you in the lib?
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
how do you find out? :O
Serven is now shutting down --->
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
where have you been ;-)
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
Interesting. But, according to MasterCard? I'm already skeptical.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
4 days and I'm home again
Well Brewers, you sure know how to shoot yourself in the foot.
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
I got u my brother
you're so welcome!! :)
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
#GrowCo love your energy Keith!
Tonight's show calls for a cocktail! Cheers!
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
You're welcome!
Oh, the DayTimer...
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
Hello, How do we submit a press release for consideration?
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
Happy 1Year Anniversary!!!
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
Writing... Writing and Writing
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
That storm was crazy! Totally freaked out after watching #insidious too!!
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
looks pretty much over to me
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
Oldie...194. Between 14 & 16 min mark talking about Vegas Shows
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
RT Goals today: 1. Subscribe to the 2. Borrow a big dog 3. Line cage with 4. Cancel my subscription
Seriously!? LUCKY!
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
its my goal idk why
no not really
People should NOT be able to graduate high school without knowing the difference between "there" "their" and "they're".
Thank you so much for the love!
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
To live is like love, all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
Yes phone works.
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
Man this is so ridiculous. I cannot wait for this party. FRIDAY PLEASE HURRY!
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was so good!.
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Thanks for the follow
the 80s are back baby!
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
PLEASE! :D
like a boss
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
I found the spoon I lost last night....
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
#Blazers 46-44 over the #Nets at halftime. Wallace: 4 points, 6 rebounds for NJ. Aldridge with 14 points. Only Blazer with double digits.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
Feeling creative... Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments. Lol
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
You havereally done very well indeed
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
Things I Hate - wind, hair and lipgloss. Together.
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
yes...back to normal :-)
so am I haha
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
Sound terrifying.
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
Me and Cody broke up
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Helped out at circ desk.
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
"You came along with your tiny heart - You let us in the wooden house to share in all the wealth." ::beach house::norway::
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
don't worry you'll get it, you you go to the people I follow, you will learn so much about 1D(the things they tweet)
And of course, I mean "Cleaning the slate for #septembeard"...not "cleaning the skate"...
20 of us just erupting in cheer like the it's the Superbowl, congrats who just won #topchef #texas!!!!!!!
look as this gay ass fool
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
Telling is not selling. Real selling is persuasion. Asking questions that lead your client to his own conclusion under your influence is it
Please dad, STFU. I need 10 more minutes!
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Im going to email you some info
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
if you were working you'd have time.
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
that's the jam right?!
it's beautiful :)
like a boss
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
I'm so sleepy
Man, I really wish this was real. LOLOLOLOL
LOL - If only that were true!
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
happy early birthday!!!! Ya 14!!!!
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
Great last night!
shush, you!
so curious looking..
Church , The opening of my aunt's ice cream shop , & then quince practice !
Did you ever make it to Chicago?
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
I gotta find it.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
where u from
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
their extra storage is "magical".
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
dope track, i like the flow... keep pushing that raw music!!! Shalom...
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
Mother nature playing with us lol
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
Its weird that im up at 6 lol anyways good morning loves may god bless you all and have a good day :)
Fantastic article! Gave me some ideas for #THATCampOSU sessions. Thanks!
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
what's the plan bro
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
Just saw this Jackie. How awful! Prayers for your family!
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
I wish pop
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
These situations allow us to identify the phonies. Just like those who were 'surprised' MLB players did 'roids.
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
+1 ": The truth is, is a heck of a human being. Lucky to have him in #MNLeg."
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
Can't wait to try it
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
when is it coming out
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
you're so welcome!! :)
I will never get why "models" who don't have a good port demand to get paid, and refuse to pay photogs...u pay nothing and get the same back
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
hi there :D
Moldy makes me a sad girl.
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
Everyone needs something to believe in. What do you believe in?
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
: Lol. You're welcome sweetie :))
Some girls are like summer, no class.
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
Count your blessings
where i live the people are like messed up! haha
&#39;Uprising&#39; documents role of hip-hop in L.A. riots
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
Serven is now shutting down --->
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
excuse me, miss?
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
Thanks for that info.
The part with the aliens was intense.
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
RT : On #BWEChat tonight we're going to talk about Twitter - is it turning into a link farm? Join us at 9:00 p.m. EST
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
"This above all: to thine own self be true." - William Shakespeare
thank you for the mention :)
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?
Colorforms are about to play
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
bring back David please!
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
ok!! will b by tomorrow to pick it up!!
How are you Anik?
We better burn while your out here dude!!
Not to discount tampa's surge...but when the goalie mask comes off...the whistle is supposed to blow. BS goal.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
#thingsthatmakesmecrazy are sugar lots of sugary stuff
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
That's awesome =)
Comcast's David Cohen: minority communities growing faster than the rest of
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
In the market for a new watch
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
Yes- I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab... and makes a hell of a drink /cc
I know! Wtf
get em Jake!
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
changed me twit name... i was feelin it
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly - and drunken - days of old
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
who fell down the hill
Haha maybe the CTA conductor follows you and will start the train as soon as they see your tweet...
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply."
Do we know where the campaign that "won" #ThePitch for is now? I recently saw free samples at CVS #signupforourmailinglist :/
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Greatness never sleeps
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
haha. damn you! ;)
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
have a safe and smooth trip back, had fun catching up with you this week!
baby can u follow ? she really deserves it
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out. Andy's jazz is another good spot.
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
Thanks for that info.
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
Bringing Russell Wilson to the strip club tonight...
soccer practice tomorrow at 9 in the morning. ._______. great.
shush, you!
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
does that means you see Teck AND Montana in the same dream?!? Lucky.
Happy Labor Day everybody.
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
Donna Summer has died at 63: REPORT
Bummer that our site will be down temporarily as we repair some damages from a hack. We will be back shortly and better than ever in no time
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
...some really big hands ...lol
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
My plans consist of #Diablo3 #betatesting today. It's pretty
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
On set in the woods tonight ... horror film teaser scene for ECHOES...
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
If the stage falls in the storm will You Tube show it
...some really big hands ...lol
text me
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
Romney calls President Obama "divisive." Once again, the pot calling the kettle Kenyan.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! O
BB: Zadra doubles down the left field line! 6-5 Stars, with DU making a pitching change. O'Dell batting with 2 outs, Zadra on second.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
why do my legs look so short?
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
Make it a healthy New Year! Join suzanne.snackhealthy.com Get free tasty snacks and make extra income! Would love to have you on my team!
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
I know that you probably hear this a lot (sorry!) but I really like your nose! :)
almost, our project will be out this summer.
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
#idiots piss me off
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
Finna get on my level before the night begins
our future is in or hands
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
I won't lie. I am conflicted in rooting for Canada's Hockey team because of Stevie Y & Babcock. But Don Cherry ripping on US hockey is bad.
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
who is ready for 2011? it is going to be a huge year!
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
don't make me say tornado siren!
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
John madden retired? All right. Now I will be able to understand the commentators.
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
So I've had a crush on forever and ever, and I just found out we have the same birthday. Like, twinsies style. Hm.
hot honey and organe whilst watching Wayne's World with my best girl. Were both fluy little ladies. <3
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
Phil is an idiot. Just fire him.
": Don't you ever wonder if the Asian kids think that Panda Express is very subpar? #randomthought" I do.
Well that defiantly deserves a #awkward lol
Nothing is more expensive than a woman who's free for the weekend, in Chicago lol!
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
First yoga practice after 4 months=depressing.
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
Great to be here in San Antonio. Looking forward to a great
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
ah, just reminded me to schedule workouts as diligently as I do the rest of my life--I did walk the beach 2x over the weekend!
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
Enjoying a cold beer and ac Much needed on this hot day.
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up a mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide; he exposes himself
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
...some really big hands ...lol
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
haha. damn you! ;)
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
e!! That sounds sketchy !
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
Wants some delish french food for Bastille Day
Good Morning Phera!!! ;-)
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
haha I'm watching him now.
nobody i want to talk to is texting me back.
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
Oh, the DayTimer...
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
Can't wait to try it
Thank you! !
So I hear. Word is this episode was awesome.
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
in a trash bag before the trash can?!
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
Almost back home in mississippi. 1 mo hour to go thank u lord
cap full of bleach
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
having fun ladies?
Is there LINK to the "Lobbying for Architecture" infographic? I loved it, but received it as a PDF...
Yes phone works.
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
Something is not right with me! ...how was I supposed to know? Something is not right with me! ...tryin' not to let it show! -
it's beautiful :)
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
It's all about the 212.
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
what? where:D
Long day.... I'm ready 2 rest & get 2morrow over w/.. Workin can b tiring sometimes .... Goodnight World..
I like the quote If your a leader and no one is following you, then you're just out for a walk . lol
RT Twitter has become the 2nd screen: not just for televised events but for any event~Twitter CEO Dick Costolo at
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
#life...its nt the count of how many bitches & nighas yu slept with but the count of the ones who actully had a impact on yur life..js
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
!!!! RT GOD NEVER PUT TO MUCH ON U THAT U CAN'T HANDLE 
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
How can the Federal Government not want to help increase border security? Do they think they are above the danger?
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
haha we would consider it, but and make the call if they want to take
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Check your email....Thanks!!
They performed at the today!
"rondo with the 3" is once again trending
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
Herah! It's the week end. I got to sleep in!
+1 ": The truth is, is a heck of a human being. Lucky to have him in #MNLeg."
Can't decide between watching the end of the game or laying down b/c my stomach hurts. I'm inclined to the latter but probably the former
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
whatever that was doughty, nice.
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
you're awesome Kelly!
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
"I know I gotta Crush"
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
Man this is so ridiculous. I cannot wait for this party. FRIDAY PLEASE HURRY!
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
Another double today #$$$
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
The Thing could put up a fight.
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
Ponds Cold Cream
the football fight was awesome
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
On fire!
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
Ringo's Mexican food count on this trip now up to 5. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
The guy who said that was a tenured classics professor. After that he was a freelance author.
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
no school :) doing #nothing all day
learning the language and working on art stuff
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
Good morning!
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
Pretty sure Andrew Garfield would play in a movie, and it would probably be called The Micro-Blogging Site
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
It is too hot
Fantastic article! Gave me some ideas for #THATCampOSU sessions. Thanks!
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
I love how we used to shop during class.. I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree. I would be top student! I miss you
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
Our La Jolla gig fell through. We're now available to play May 21-29 in So Cal. Chinese buffets, hospital, schools, weddings. Any takers?
Stopping traffic at CMA fest with Hillbilly....stop by and say hello
head to desk=zotero n00b. moving on.
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
I wish a pearl, I guess its not that rare to get two oyster together, it just happened to be one I picked to taste
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
oh wow! Gotta keep the ass and tits covered Wtf?! There goes keeping the kids focused! ;)
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
you fancy, huh? ;)
bring back David please!
no ego here, well maybe a little
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
Had my second mean green juice. This one not so bad. Playing with a juicer is fun!
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
I call them "Bo's (or Blount's) Hot Breakfast."
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
almost, our project will be out this summer.
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
Good news. Wiggle on.
yessir! Gonna do it next year!
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
no waiting go get it
I hope .. We will see
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
hey stud
I'll be your safety school if you like!
I am majorly bummed out.
don't even think about that shawnie!
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
drinks sun or mon together??
don't make me say tornado siren!
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
explanation.. NOW!
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Laundry room change machine. Why do you hate me?
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
I just don't understand people these days. Smh
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
no one danced?
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
wish you could have joined us!!!!
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
their extra storage is "magical".
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
i should never second guess myself on waiting for the bus. ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE BUS. same amount of time as walking and you're not tired.
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
My Phone Need Love.
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR! Drafthouse time
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
I love these days (:
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope *S.B.S.E.* Just know DATT!!!!!
I want an iphone4
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
Romney calls President Obama "divisive." Once again, the pot calling the kettle Kenyan.
I just want real love.
Subway session with
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
Can you see the show from where you're at?
Hey guise(:
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
How is this any different than the Wade Collapse Games of last year ??
rip spring break.
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
really? i think id become a nun
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500+ person-pede? What has this world come to?
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
i seriously love you too (:
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
LA is my fav place on the world!
chill soon
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
And marshmallows cause we are chubby bunnying it up. ;)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
Preparing to celebrate the past, present, and future life of - HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
I want an app that let's you make apps
WEDS NITE @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $5 LABATT PITCHERS During THE PENS GAME! ROCK STAR KARAOKE POST GAME!
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
- this is my lesbian sister
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
hey boo how you been You okay?
Mother nature playing with us lol
its my goal idk why
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
RT - The Jacksonville Jaguars signed 3rd-year RB Albert Young
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
Thanks for that info.
thanks for check n that out
Nothing in the works. Seeming like a quiet summer for shows.
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
#FF May she live long and prosper
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
IBM. It's kinda old.
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
Good lord! Lol!
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
The part with the aliens was intense.
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
I HATE Drawing !
Damn i got a headache from dancing like a psycho today>.<
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
count me in.
How can the Federal Government not want to help increase border security? Do they think they are above the danger?
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
#27 jason from both(:
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
Focus. Focus. Focus.
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
ROASTED! RT Like Syracuse, it appears Kansas also misses Fab Melo.
Me and Cody broke up
the trichinosis special!
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Send us links to your pictures, articles, etc. so we can share them with everyone!
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
Thanks for that info.
I wish a pearl, I guess its not that rare to get two oyster together, it just happened to be one I picked to taste
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here, and it feels like I deal with ALL of them on a daily basis
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
follow back? (:
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
Landslide Dan! RT : Congratulations to Rep-elect Dan Arthrell! Dan won the Dist 71 special election today by 3 votes
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Yeah I am in class until 7.
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
Haha everytime I look at my icon my heart goes like KJNSHJLDBNSJLFBSJJLAP
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
Oh, I'm so sorry.
vegan cheesecake looks delicious. can't wait to try the recipe.
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
I want an app that let's you make apps
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
Waiting on this good pizza though
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
I'm glad made a smart decisions in life! We love you and thank you for living icon!(:
drinks sun or mon together??
Thanks for joining us, ! Did you get a cone or a dish?
My pool needs to be opened asap
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
Writing... Writing and Writing
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
You too sir!
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
UGK hold up
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
no not really
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
absolutely!!! there definitely will be :)
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
yes I would love an invite! I'm so curious!
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
To our good friend who suffered a bad knee injury, get well soon sir :)
Somehow that is awesome.
thanks for watching!
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
where are you in the lib?
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
like a boss
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
where'd u hear it? I needs me a copy :)
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
Finna get on my level before the night begins
where in dha hell is u at i went to ur house and ur aunt house come get mhe
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
i seriously love you too (:
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
I have joked for years that my generation may well be immortal what with science doing what it has. :)
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
Thank you! Love my flowers!
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
bahahah your welcome x)
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
their extra storage is "magical".
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
Heading to to see Braun get his MVP trophy for the and a bobble head with Lila!
Oh, the DayTimer...
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
at the sapient party on the rooftop with seats and plenty of room!
i don't follow. monopolies don't exist in private sector. and collective bargaining is not a given.
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
i enjoyed The Descendants you fucktards ;) I just dont enjoy shitty movies that you do jeff aka Yogi the Bear
Helped out at circ desk.
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
Thank you, !! Ready to get you some new fans. How can there be Chicagoans not already be in love w/ you?
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
almost, our project will be out this summer.
Great meeting w/Director & Co-producer on sales strategy for 'Privacy' & selection of script 4nxt feature film. Great ideas in the making...
for sure!
Boston is on fire right now!
Hey ! Killer
what's up with these haters posting shit about your tweets?? Fukn losers!
Here's a tip... don't get high, lose your phone, and then get high and look for your lost phone which was in your pocket the whole time.
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
I've missed you, Jason Stackhouse!
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
Ugh I want to go to cedar point, but I have dance competitions the next two weekends -.-
A good use of schema.
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
Helped out at circ desk.
still gonna see it anyway!
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
not so bad ;)
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
Let me ease your minnddd
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
the 80s are back baby!
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
is in scranton
Thanks for the follow REVCO! Are you ready for another great season in Southampton?
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
Or said a prayer. It took me a while to swallow that pride after 17 years of being a "Christian."
I can't even think right now. #stoned ;3
you mean "tweet"ering ?
The International Chamber Artists will be performing very soon here in our lobby. If you are in the area come stop in!
thank you!!!
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
shower of shite
Best quote of #TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, "astronauts just biological cargo." re: spacex
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
Certainly not certain.
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
not so bad ;)
My pleasure!
has a very special guest #Shaquille O'Neil in the building!!! in Paris #Las Vegas
our future is in or hands
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Time to watch my Sex and the City
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
The Thing could put up a fight.
Haahaa:D i dont .(: im use to wearing shoes
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
hey stud
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
I want/need a Bob Marley poster.
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
look as this gay ass fool
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Well another colt player gone our center Jeff Saturday sign with green bay packers you always been a true colts center ands thanks :)
thanks for being gracious. :) And I'm so thankful you found us and are getting connected so quickly. Hope you're encouraged!
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
I want an iphone4
Check You DM! PLEASE!!
baby I want you so bad ;)
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
make that two pieces.
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
I hope .. We will see
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
I love you Andre! Miss your crazy ass
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
Mother nature playing with us lol
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
#27 jason from both(:
lol oh well
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
Thats good to hear... sucks you aren't feeling good hope you feel better
abs might be sore tomorrow. sweet. oh, how i've missed bellydance!
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
I like the green myself, or black.
So Barack thinks he's gonna beat me at 'Words with Friends' too?
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
Mariners game, pikes peak, starbucks the orignal, space needle, irish pub, airplane, train and bus ride & its the end of day
I have a beautiful team :).
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
I gotta find it.
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
I have literally spent thousands of $ purchasing gear 4 my teams through #Eastbay & still get treated horrible everytime I call 4 a quote
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
Count your blessings
You hurt yourself? I am sorry, but I can't find a fuck to give.
Information or data?
looks pretty much over to me
bring back David please!
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
sweet! I love the Street Views. You can customize your map view to zoom in a bit on your content.
Can't wait to try it
you promised me the moon and stars..
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
have a safe and smooth trip back, had fun catching up with you this week!
bahahah your welcome x)
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
vegan cheesecake looks delicious. can't wait to try the recipe.
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
Just recorded an additional two tracks for "left". Stay tuned for a sample.
Bet the house!
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
fuckyoutoo666 liked your photo: Cat Women of the Moon!
": Cookout anyone" Birch was there
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
I've missed you, Jason Stackhouse!
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
we need to go to a show together.
damn right! That makes my day. Thanks for the support man!
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
aha thanks guys.
Oh there it is! Lol
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
Time to sleep...Hope to see you tonight at REHAB...
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
In #band with and aka my buds :)
Good Night Bros!
almost, our project will be out this summer.
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
has a coach ever been "traded" like Ozzie Guillen?
I really need to get to bed.
come to firewheel with me tomorrow!
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
I love you too and yay I'm proud of you! :)
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
10 more chocolates ;)
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
they killed it as usual.
I think that is fine; you sing and I will just play. We can try that one song at a time. I can sing anytime!
Big east champs
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
Hello Dentist! We meet again..
You and the boys are adored.
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
I am exhusted. And its only tuesday
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
we need to go to a show together.
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
collaborating and creating music #checkuout Equator Line!!!!
I dont have any patience :/
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
no school :) doing #nothing all day
Thank you for the RT!
Writing... Writing and Writing
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
It's Friday!
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
Aye Sh-Shawty What's Your Name? What's Your Number?
Very Jewish. I'm reform. He's way to the right.
. inspires me.
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
Kurt Malueg at IBM: customers want to control the entire process. Connect at any time anywhere
I wanna be home. Not in this car.
": We can go to the same meetings. I, also, have been outcast because of my inability to love the Pixies." W/ darth mask?
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
You can't please all mf's
Shuttle driver is an elderly man who is talking about the price of live cattle. Uh...
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
Dear Obama, feel free to make North Carolina secede and become its own Nazi colony.
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
My farts sound nothing like my couch, which makes it really hard to disguise them sometimes.
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!! #MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
i do follow
Everyone Go Listen/Download My New Beat On Sc "The Empire" Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
Check Out DamnFoolz.com...Check Out RisingModelz.com... Find Me On facebook at Anthony Starks...
is he okay? I'm so sorry :( that is a really horrific way to start the year off
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
4 days and I'm home again
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
Good morning.
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
Sup Rodney! Are you behaving yourself?
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
looks awesome. Thanks for shaing. I hope it works with my desktop apps too.
Check out Friday.
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
Loser ass boy lmfao
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
CayLeigh waited months to get her replacement Leapster 2 (due to my laziness...) And now has had it a cool 12 hrs and ruined it. WTF?!
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
No success comes over night you have to work hard,you can dream about it or you can go out there and make it happen
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
DAILY POKER TIP: Variance is something that you need to deal with. In 180-person tournaments a 100 buy-in swing is not uncommon or unusual.
I found the spoon I lost last night....
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
#27 jason from both(:
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
bring back David please!
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
I wouldn't have to manage my anger if people could learn to manage their stupidity. -_-
happy Friday my friend.
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
Serena Williams. she aight stop sweating her.
Shrek is to trippy right now
Coal, crude oil, and natural species has been a problem the 1970s ...
sorry i fell asleep!!!
Everyone has a fair turn to be as great as they please.
The rain won't stop..
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
Just when I thought I knew everything, here comes my 10 year old with another question.
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
love that show.
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
My vote goes to those who uphold the constitution & protects free speech. #SOPA and #PIPA are not constitutional.
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
sweet! I love the Street Views. You can customize your map view to zoom in a bit on your content.
Consider writing your home & destination & mobile on a self-adhesive sticky label to stick INSIDE your luggage.
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
": We can go to the same meetings. I, also, have been outcast because of my inability to love the Pixies." W/ darth mask?
oh im never in there hahha
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
Subway session with
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
Staying up late and can't sleep.
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
I am not blue. Lol.
mama needs some 'me time.'
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
Wally Boston now speaking in
schools don't know how to behave since class of '09 graduated lol. And they're apparently running out of money.
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
oh no!!! Where are you?
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
Gordon Setter
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Popped the lenses outta my 3-d glasses.Now there Nerd glasses bitch!haha
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
I'm not quite sure we need fireworks after each win in
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
no waiting go get it
Check your email....Thanks!!
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
Good morning I was greeted by one of your Luv Embassadors at Midway blowing bubbles! She floated away b4 I could snap a pic.
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
Mule pride.
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
Not every man really lives.
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
oh hay girl ;)
Can't stop players and their friends/family from tweeting draft info before networks announce it.
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
I am so jealous of people who have high arches.
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
she's a back seat driver all right.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
isn't that crazy!?
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;)
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
eh, there are worse things.
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
text me
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
had a great presentation at #launch . I think everyone was really impressed!
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
I have so much to do.
cooling i miss you
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
Staying up late and can't sleep.
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
the term today is applicable to a very small per centage of fathers. Most want to help but are forced out by enforcement!BOOK!
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
"What do you wear to the future of genocide?" - Jose Esteban Munoz (2011) The CFP is out for #CES part deux!
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
no problem!! hahahaha
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
ITS NOT OKAY ?
hey tweets
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
Aww that's so sweet :)
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
S/O to a gorgeous and beautiful woman follow ya boy back iight
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
Awesome talk w/ van driver re: Branson, MO.
. inspires me.
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
good morning wow that's cool Ty
My heart was taken by you, broken by you, and now it is in pieces because of you.
thanks it's a perfect day to be outdoors. Hope you can join soon.
when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
Samsung Electronics reports record profit - Mainichi Daily News
where have you been ;-)
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
I honestly don't think you will have any problem winning the Shorty awards <21 :D
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
Tick tick.
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
We run a food pantry in your old neighborhood at Harlem and Armitage. Can you help with a follow and a retweet? We need support!
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
chill soon
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
u kno it girl
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
What a putt by Lefty.
Thanks for the follows everyone!!!
I know
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
all you need is #jackdaniels. Bing fries are done!
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
1) cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4" thick; 2) put in a pot on stove (stacking them is fine);
He said goodnight
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
The interstate in this weather >>>
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
no problem!! hahahaha
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
hey boo how you been You okay?
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
It is too hot
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
What would our family and friends in heaven say to us all on 9-11? Maybe, appreciate life and don't sweat the small stuff.
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
I LOVE it! Good for you! It can be addictive.
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
Some things are better left unsaid
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
I know that you probably hear this a lot (sorry!) but I really like your nose! :)
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
our future is in or hands
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
It's been an incredibly productive week for us, how about you? Did you challenge yourself?
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Not enough space in 140 but... he was a profound, gifted scholar/communicator of the importance and meaning of story.
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
I totally did miss it LOL. Read too fast.
his first attempt is next year. He will get accommodations but I am nervous. :-(
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
#Brewers offense is looking awful today. Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
Thanks Megan for following. I'll be sure to keep you posted. I wish you the best.
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
No Bates!
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Lovely choices, but if you have not seen Croatia - it is a must visit! Slovenia's coast is fab, too. Love Turkey & it's food
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
The rain won't stop..
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
The average person checks their phone 150 times a day or every 6.5 minutes. I always excel vs. others. So back off! :)
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
LOL - If only that were true!
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
Just witting
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
. inspires me.
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
#Heat targeting
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
John madden retired? All right. Now I will be able to understand the commentators.
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
#GrowCo love your energy Keith!
I'm not going to be able to make it tonight, sorry, I know you looking forward to me being there. #mohrstories eeeww hey buddy!
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
yep Fire on the Mountain is not to be missed!
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
RT : A code-built house is the worst house allowed by law. Does that mean the people who live in it getting a raw deal? yes!
I miss you-_-
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
cooling i miss you
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Do only that which is right. Period.
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
25 years ago tonight, the Brewers had the first and only no-hitter. Robin Yount preserved it for Juan Nieves over the Orioles.
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
Count your blessings
Serven is now shutting down --->
Last minute photo shoot tomorrow! Gonna be crazy busy this week!
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
thank you!!!
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
I'm seeing signature moves.. RT : What is happening on my TL right now? Did twitter after dark minutes roll over or something? Lol
Sandless sandbags, never build another sandbags again, eco friendly-Use for floods,water spills,to water organic gardens etc..
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
// Hi Rebecca. Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
How are you Anik?
Goin out to eat
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
I gotta find it.
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
oh hay girl ;)
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
So glad the lockout is over. Now to get all the #Colts merchandise in order
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
HGMS basketball game :-)
Lakers better not get blown out again
i seriously love you too (:
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
I LOVE LIFE<3
Nothing is more expensive than a woman who's free for the weekend, in Chicago lol!
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out. Andy's jazz is another good spot.
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
Does anybody know of a good remedy for a sinus infection? Other than "Don't get a sinus infection in the first place", of course.
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
GUYS! ="( I GOT HACKED SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
going to hulu.com
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
Pres is a hot mess!!
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
- hoping you weren't majorly delayed. that just wouldn't be right. did you ever see the WaPo feature on Brooksley L?
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
"I know I gotta Crush"
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
Tonight we celebrate.
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Yeah but it ended depending on what coast you live though
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
S/O to my cuz, PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR! Drafthouse time
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Hate it when relationships change
Soap so kind on the skin
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
excuse me, miss?
where have you been ;-)
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
. inspires me.
Nothing is more expensive than a woman who's free for the weekend, in Chicago lol!
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
And Adele wins album of the year!!! :) Yay!!!
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
their extra storage is "magical".
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
NY Comedy Festival this weekend! Performing in the Love Machine Show on Friday
Count your blessings
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
Tick tick.
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
Can you see the show from where you're at?
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
The video I posted is my daughter's. Watch and retweet. It's DOPE.
yeah me too
agreed. bit of "shock value" there. similar to email is dead. but, agreed, dynamic, ever changing and fun!
You and the boys are adored.
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Spring Fever is in full effect!!! Make sure you have those boat batteries charged all of the time with the PowerHotSpot from Solis Energy!
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
FEELING TOO CRAZY TRYING TO FIGURE THIS "TWEET" THING OUT! LOL OBVIOUSLY NEW TO THIS! SMH LOL
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
You're a lifesaver. Thanks for keeping an eye out on our behalf! (One of these days, our paths HAVE to cross!) :-)
Lumberg popped into my head immediately. Um yeah....
Dear gangster, if you pulled your pants up a little bit, you could probably run from the cops faster.
I'm not really a tranny honey...
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
All Aboard!
Damn you, voice of reason!
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
I'd like to pt out that has nearly finished TFIOS. In 1 hour. My gf is a speed-reading superhero & I NEED TO GIVE HER KLEENEX.
The International Chamber Artists will be performing very soon here in our lobby. If you are in the area come stop in!
Google Wave Dead to All Except Chrome Users
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
text me
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
Great last night!
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
Yes phone works.
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
Gordon Setter
I was going to have Tyler Flowers delivered but it was too expensive.
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
On the road!
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
yeah she does
If a girl goes behind your back and does shit with another guy
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
Im gonna live in a hole for the rest of my life!!! No one visit or contact me this is the last time you will be hearing from moza carozza
Do you even need to ask? ;)
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
Know what's not gonna be fun tomorrow? Lugging huge bags of purses, shoes and clothes to Secondi for drop off. Ugh!
we love you justin:)
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
That Awkward Moment when he said "I love you" O_o umm.....okay?
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
Is there LINK to the "Lobbying for Architecture" infographic? I loved it, but received it as a PDF...
Love u too mommy !! <3
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
I am majorly bummed out.
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
My marks are actually getting lower. :'(
Know of good deals in Louisville? Tweet us at
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
I want/need a Bob Marley poster.
how is it going?
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
You told Victor!!!! LOL 
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
rip spring break.
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
No Bates!
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
Where are you anyways?
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
Well. Freshman year is officially done.
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
President Obama should point this blockage out LOUD
Sex Scandals Are Good For Business! Herman Cain Raised A Whole Lot Of Cash Yesterday via
If I feel depressed, I go to work. Work is always an antidote to depression.
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
Well. Freshman year is officially done.
Are you here? Make yourself known. Shout out the #FreshCoastClassic on #twitter. We want to meet you!!
aye watch your mouth lol n hell yea
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
I wanna be home. Not in this car.
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
Wait, are they talking about 3D printed objects as even being copyrightable? That's the fundamental issue.
Oh, the DayTimer...
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
thank you!!!
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
I like the green myself, or black.
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
Alan Gross: "I feel like I'm a hostage." -
You're welcome!
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
it's really mature to post your problems on twitter.
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
that's intense dude
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
hey love
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
Mother nature playing with us lol
he got a ring a ring though
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
you ride?!
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
Enjoying a cold beer and ac Much needed on this hot day.
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
i know this made me laugh so hard
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
miss you
Thanks for joining us, ! Did you get a cone or a dish?
Yeah... the 1800's were WEIRD!
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
Damn, D.Rose just got us! Now I've gotta listen to these loud ass Bulls fans. Bucks played well though :)
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
MY DAD AND SISTER GOT ADMITTED TO A HOSPIITAL LAST NIGHT AND MY RELATIONSHIP IS GOING HORRIBLE!
Almost back home in mississippi. 1 mo hour to go thank u lord
this movie is so fabulous
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
#writing update: #DarklyBound still in need of revision. Haven't done much writing lately except for non-writing website endeavors.
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
That's awkward.
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
thanks for watching!
where you at bro?
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Be the father of my kids please
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
it means he doesn't want to work a respectable job his entire life basically...
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
I hope .. We will see
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
I believe this is his account but I don't think it's verified :)
hey stud
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
My creative modes are at odds: printmaking breaks my guitar-picking nails.
Catering Holiday Events www.patrickscatering.com
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!
but NJ isn't that big a step down in $$$. It's still NYC, Bklyn in a couple years, alongside Jay-Z.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
#whatif I talk that talk :]
Fantastic my dude! One Love fam. Im jumping on facebook soon, so we'll connect and link up soon-1
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
came through clutch sir
I wish a pearl, I guess its not that rare to get two oyster together, it just happened to be one I picked to taste
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquillity and occupation which give happiness. - Thomas Jefferson
1) cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4" thick; 2) put in a pot on stove (stacking them is fine);
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
when's your birthday my friends birthday is April 21
that's great news!
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
I'll be your safety school if you like!
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
lmao yes, i am magic(: haha Thank you!
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
So, klout says I'm influential on academics, but not education. Probably a useful distinction.
The most shocking aspect of this Penn St. fiasco is how these guys were able to cover it up for 14 years.
I'm going to bed!!!
New York is heavy when it rains....yep...heavy.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
IMPACT has been featured in the Los Angeles Music Magazine under Los Angeles film spotlight...exciting!
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
To Bad! But we're trying to find another promoter to make it happens !!!
I find a lot of accidental haiku on twitter.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
Feeling claustrophobic trapped in the valley all weekend.
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
going to hulu.com
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
the breakfast of champions!!!
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
CocaCola #CEO in address to Economic Club of Chicago: US growth will come via golden triangle of business, government & business.
Count your blessings
no school :) doing #nothing all day
haha busted shhh it's a secret.
Mother nature playing with us lol
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
we need to go to a show together.
Worst day:(
Bran Bran ! -.- Hussh , How About You Go To Sleep .
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
happy Friday my friend.
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
I wanna thank for showing me love! More music to come!
"Every good relationship is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long."
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
Writing... Writing and Writing
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked. It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
I want an iphone4
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
u kno it girl
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
Meant to be!!!
Im going in on 2K! Who want it!
And on a second note... I miss
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
night, sweetie. Enjoy your rest xoxox's
Celeb in the house! and !
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
In the market for a new watch
Great last night!
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
My man's out of town & what do I want to do? Watch baseball (the rest of the year, I beg to change the channel!). Bring on the Boomstick!
Twitter spam <<<
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
I mean Lound and ruled
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
: OH. LOL east coast?
shush, you!
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
for sure!
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
Who is free today? Run errands with me!
There's something in you. U just have to look within
yes! My son is so much cooler than half the people I know! :-)
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
Best quote of #TCDisrupt from Elon Musk, "astronauts just biological cargo." re: spacex
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
": Is being detail-oriented something a person can learn or is it innate?" falls under realm of fake it 'til you make it.
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
Husband hauling 2nd water craft to St Paul from parents' sold lake place; this one our trusty Lund. Will be exploring urban waters soon.
Yeah, need to see the last 2 eps now. Derby takes over my Mondays again. What are your Raptors doing? :o jk Your valentine's?
3 sets of 30 reps of 170lbs on a crunch machine.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
VARSITY CHEERLEADERS. I'm so friking proud. I'm gonna die. that's how proud. *die
Not sure when they start. Friday Cheers begins at 6:30.
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
no one danced?
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
You're welcome!
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
I miss you-_-
Hey friends. You will NOT be able to get into our 21+ red carpet event if you don't RSVP. Please RSVP to thanks!
I like President George W. Bush a LOT better now that he is out of office. He's kinda like an old man Cap. America lately
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
Cheers to neighbors!
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
a bigger post on finery's new incarnation will be up on the website tomorrow! xox
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
I'm going to bed!!!
That site is amazing.
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for 04/20/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
Waiting on this good pizza though
we need to go to a show together.
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
It's okay to not put every song you recorded on the album.
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
100 emails down, 100 more to go!
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
you mean "tweet"ering ?
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
drinks sun or mon together??
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
Not to discount tampa's surge...but when the goalie mask comes off...the whistle is supposed to blow. BS goal.
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
G'night :D
Oh there it is! Lol
- the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came.
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
#WhyDoiAlways Hate myself?. Oh, cuz I'm an ugly piece of shit.
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
New Products at CinemaCon 2012 - Film Journal
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
The International Chamber Artists will be performing very soon here in our lobby. If you are in the area come stop in!
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
Yeah... the 1800's were WEIRD!
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
Got a track meet later today !
hey ya.)
you got some nice work man. Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
Show on Friday at South Minster!
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
- hoping you weren't majorly delayed. that just wouldn't be right. did you ever see the WaPo feature on Brooksley L?
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
Apple iPad 2 Screen Thinner, Lighter: Rumors
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
Forbes Midas List Recognizes Institutional Venture Partners (IVP) - MarketWatch (press release)
Hairbag saved my life.
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
Your habits determine your future. ~ Jack Canfield
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
#CapsPlayoffs time to focus on baseball...til football season
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
CPMCF trying to breakout!
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
#Heat targeting
It's good to see you in the Twitter-sphere as well!
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply."
The rich have a free ride from the police and the DAs and judges in America
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
MITCH!! my man, had an awesome time at WPcolumbus, great meetin ya!
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
i feel a hype rap break coming on, gettin headaches and shit
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
can't sleep. coffee after drinks at wedding. in chaise by pool under neon HOTEL sign. took blue pill from 1st aid kit. hope it's tylenol pm!
#Heat targeting
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
I'm up late tonight! Partyin'.... w/ my dog.
New Products at CinemaCon 2012 - Film Journal
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
This is why I wanna blow this fuckinh car up at Westland mall!!!!!
thanks Paul
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
I got a lot of associates and very few friends
our future is in or hands
OMG IT'S HOT! :::wipes sweat..grabs a coke..sits in front of turbo blaster...clicks on WWW.RADIO-MEMPHIS.COM::: AH!! COME ROCK W/ ME!!!
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
i don`t remember paying for things
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
what? where:D
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
bahahah your welcome x)
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
look at me now. hoe. look at me now. fresh than a muthafucker
Twitter > Facebook
He's always been cautious. Too cautious perhaps. He wants to win reelection and the waters are somewhat uncharted. Look at NC.
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
explanation.. NOW!
Focus. Focus. Focus.
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
send it to my email, u have it.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
hi there :D
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
isn't that crazy!?
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
Reinstalling Final Cut on my new hard drive. Finally!
ePUBs are the best!
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
I lived in Fl for a few years. The littlest Ladybug is a rabid Gator fan!
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
The Pastrami has been curing for ten days, and it's out of the smoker just in time for Pastrami Wednesday - Don't miss it.
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
RT It doesn't matter how we got here, one game do or die nothing better then a game 7 in a sold out building
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Patriots all the way!!!!
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
we need to go to a show together.
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
I like the green myself, or black.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
Enjoying a cold beer and ac Much needed on this hot day.
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
What a great day for baseball, so as Ernie Banks would say: Let's play two. Come on Twins!
#TebowGotTradedFor a Snickers bar and a candy to be named later!
are you in the "it's alive" session?
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
i just downloaded it repetitivly and it patched in
First Hi. First Chat. First Date. First Kiss. First Fight. First Breakup. First Heartbreak
Great last night!
Your O-face makes me smile.
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
Super long day on the set of a Visa training video! Yay work!!!
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
Been singing Jimi Hendrix songs all week >>>>>
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
i'm fine thanks you?
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
Rain, fabulous rain!
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
Fashion is the enhanced version of who you are and style is the outer reflection of character.
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
Good news. Wiggle on.
zoo date with ?
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
Looking for more beats?!...
hey stud
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
Swear god damn people these days need a good ass whoopen
going to hulu.com
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
your father was a great wrestler and your a great wrestler and a beautiful woman as well ;)
Just signed up for MLB app. Got our tickets for #Nats games. Let's play ball!
!!! RT": Any nigga you've seen hard times with, gotten money, shorties, brawled out with etc is a nigga you keep around"
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
ePUBs are the best!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 9
Awesome! RT : Is having a relaxing day at Whole Foods Cafe!
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
Ha! Clever. :) RT : In session.. "cloud is like a chicken nugget. Tastes good, looks good, but you don't know what is in it"
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
Aromatherapy is such a powerful tool.
counting all different ideas, drifting away
-- Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
don't even think about that shawnie!
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
I think the GOP should bring the national convention back to San Diego.
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
Grrrr.... give the geriatric the respect shes due!!!
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
It's all about the 212.
Meant to be!!!
Time to watch my Sex and the City
#Brewers offense is looking awful today. Brewers making Mets pitcher Batista look like a Cy Young winner.
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
super cute :)
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
Your O-face makes me smile.
Only if they knew.!
ePUBs are the best!
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Focus. Focus. Focus.
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
no school :) doing #nothing all day
The statue of the hillclimber is Joe Petrali.
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
The Thing could put up a fight.
will try. Thx.
Check You DM! PLEASE!!
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
I want an iphone4
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
Counting down the days!
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
Wow, I love the new photo! : )
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
I have so much to do.
watching here in Los Angeles!!
radical day with and katie. followed with a headache. wonder where the advil is....
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
Today was quite lovely.
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
what's next?
No Bates!
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
Colorforms are about to play
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
Bedtime twitter friends, busy day tomorrow, the off to vegas friday for work & play #yeow#thatscherry#
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
Wat yo silly ass up to
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
no ego here, well maybe a little
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
came through clutch sir
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
Thanks for all of my new followers
what up
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
From your mouth to God's ears!! GO YANKS!!!!
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
UGK hold up
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be their best in every audition.
Thank you
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Please dad, STFU. I need 10 more minutes!
Not a fan of dark pants and white shoes...even on the golf course.
Well done!!!! Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestone-ha!
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
ok it will never happen again
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
Rachel Zoe marathon on Style!? Yes please!!
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
send it to my email, u have it.
We haven't registered yet but we are planning on it! Looking forward to it and thanks for the follow! :)
What happens when the gods get to actin like the broads
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
no one danced?
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
Do only that which is right. Period.
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
lol, that would be hella funny.
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
do you have an instagram? I would love to see all the pics of puppies and delicious food you always take
Oh, I'm so sorry.
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Thank you
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
where you at bro?
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
Reading that Wired article now...wow.
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
man, that Canadian reggae musician who sings "Informer" is just EVERYWHERE today
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
lol, that would be hella funny.
aha thanks guys.
Thanks Babes Tell Him I Andd` My Brothers HAD Swine Flu
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
#27 jason from both(:
haha I didn't watch it yet
our future is in or hands
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
the pieces of Mika Tajima's installation The Architect's Garden have arrived!
I like the green myself, or black.
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!! #MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis. Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding & did!
Yeah I am in class until 7.
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
come and get it from us.
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
I'm getting sleepy shower needed I'm sleep so good til he come kissing on me
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
Im actually ok!!! If it werent raining while Im waiting for the bus I would be great! well that & if I didnt have to work...
Why are they called pig tails and pony tails? Why not "she always wears her hair in lion tails?" #deepthought 
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
You should! Me and my best friend both love you and would die of happiness if we saw you!!(:
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
So I hear. Word is this episode was awesome.
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
and I love you for it. another thing i love: lollapawinners, which you also are.
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
what do u mean
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
I watch #TeenMom for the same reasons I slow down when driving by a massive fiery car accident.
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
are you going to have another twitter party?
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
thanks for the listing!
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
What do you find most inspiring in your life?
you promised me the moon and stars..
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
no one danced?
Who's anxious for my new mixtape? maybe i should upload a couple of snippets along the way to give people a taste of whats to come
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
totally. i agree. with links to my biz pages, of course ;)
When life gives you a hundered reasons to cry show life a thousand reasons to SMILE(:
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
i seriously love you too (:
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
Frontera grill = only redeeming part of ever having to go to O'Hare.
Good Afternoon Y'all.
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile.. & just being ourselves with e/o
: OH. LOL east coast?
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
where you at bro?
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
And on a second note... I miss
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
#Motorola #GPS system up for #auction right now at www.dealshow.com, starting at just $60! Retails for over $120!
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
I'm just not sure if I care to read it & I don't want to prejudge just in case. Will refollow soon...you kill me!
I want track 1!!!!
G'night :D
There's something in you. U just have to look within
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore... made my fuckin night
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
hey stud
writers Alexandra Teague & Noriko Nakada read tonight. Thaisa Frank & Richard Katrovas had to cancel last minute...sorry!
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
I had a dream last night that I opened a "tattoo savings account" and thousands of dollars were magically deposited.
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
Thank you so much for the love!
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Just picked up Neil and Carley from the airport! Good to have them back!
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
thanks Paul
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo - i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
bring back David please!
Hey, Pictures from Derrick Carter look great, anyway you can send those pictures for us to have?! I'll DM you the email.
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
Check your email....Thanks!!
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
Calendar of Events - May 2
Chk My Upcoming Shows <----
PATRICIA GUTIERREZ left a bio 23 file in a classrom in Meister. Please pick it up from the office of student government Meister room 209.
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
SNOW DAYY!!! :D
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
RT : You know your an artist when your put your paintbrush in your coffee. again. and drink it anyway.
hahahah glad you discovered this in a text with me ": If something's funny but awkward : lawk"
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
for sure!
Chicago and Phoenix going to OT. Go figure.
that's great news!
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
for sure!
Wild ones is fucking on every station ..
#RGIIIoverLuck will have a better rookie season...
hey ya.)
"I know I gotta Crush"
wa i miss you.
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
shower of shite
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up makes it permanent.
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
what's up??
watching here in Los Angeles!!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
Android 4.0.4 works really well with p12 certificates. If you're into things like two-factor security. Now how to deploy OTA sans SCEP...
whats up my dude!
you're so welcome!! :)
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
Sox owner John Henry joins the Breakfast Show to talk about his wife, opening night, and the team's 2010 season.
Sounds about right RT Workin with & at Rondor... You can say we are proceeding to "go HAM" if you will..
Man I am pumped to serve with this weekend! He has been an inspiration to my walk with the Lord for years.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
what? where:D
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
Thank you god! My dad got a job!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
(My tweetdeck has been messing up accounts, lo siento!)
what a tune
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
Now all we need is a first home-run.
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
Resource poor can occur in any country, definitely bottom billion elements occurring in the US as well.
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
app was called Everday.
I love Patagonia...hmm...does kick things up into the next price level...
Grrrr.... give the geriatric the respect shes due!!!
": Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times." yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
Ca State Superintendent Tom Torlakson - "The HRSA SBHC grants reinforce what educators know: good health contributes to student success."
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood!
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
shush, you!
Look, a puddle.
Rain, fabulous rain!
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
Some girls are like summer, no class.
looks pretty much over to me
no its not instant oatmeal, I boil the milk and drop the egg in and all & KAYA LOVES IT! =)
relax, BREATH I love you<3
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
hahahaha oh lawdy april.. I was talking about forever 21 but i did loose him in mcdonalds too! Loll
Craziness in 77S near 82B - SWAT, K9, city and county police. Major delays.
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
you're awesome Kelly!
i voted for yall can i get a follow backplease #YOMO #TeamMindless LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART:):):)
Reading the content of the future is tricky. My inner eight ball says "unsure"
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
I call fake niggas pantyhose...cuz when shit gets thick, they gona run
Jamie finally got his one-way ticket to NYC to be with me!!!!!!
Don't forget to join us for happy hour tomorrow at the Continental Pool Lounge in Rosslyn (1911 Fort Myer Drive) from 6:30-8:30pm
tomorrow will be devoted to words, mark my words.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
": Wish I was with 's eic heading to the ATL for the Beauty of the Week casting call..." -->Me 2!!
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
that's great news!
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
Pazzo Bakery has great service! They opened a few min early for me, and the pastries I got look delicious!
he's lucky!
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope *S.B.S.E.* Just know DATT!!!!!
Just recorded an additional two tracks for "left". Stay tuned for a sample.
Haven't ate all day
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
Loser ass boy lmfao
Hairbag saved my life.
ePUBs are the best!
Gordon Setter
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
So What Have You Been Up To ?
Your *company* should be thanking !
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
That's awesome =)
Tip: If you have a lot of skeletons in the closet, refrain from running for political office.
Watching That's So Raven with and
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(:
I'm sure I would be surprised. Hasn't Ron Paul run for presidency several times now?...I think Obama has it again
The Thing could put up a fight.
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
saw in the library today. We needa hangout
it's beautiful :)
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
We have six left. I think I just need to stop eating the cupcakes now.
Wat yo silly ass up to
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
UGK hold up
I freaking love high school musical
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
why didnt u wake me?
Thanks for the follow
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
Jet Li turns 49 today. After 7 broken arms and two broken noses, his friends have learned: no surprise parties!
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!! Now make it to the final two KU!! ": KS Survives!!!"
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
I been following you bro... Much love and respect!
Great last night!
I love
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
hey #ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes? try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
Check out Friday.
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
so am I haha
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
cause I was showing you how it could be worse:)
Has anyone seen my headphones? No? Great, I'll just go ahead and die then.
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow Rising 9th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas Power Forward 6'5
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
Threaten one of my teachers !
worth the commute? #Rockies Mini-Plans still available for 2012. Pick your own 25-game package & get one game free
He think he balllllinnn
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
Writing... Writing and Writing
Phil is an idiot. Just fire him.
Brother Blow Please keep on this case I applaud your hard work and tenacity and I noticed Joe Oliver disappeared since LD Show
Mule pride.
right here ! (:
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
Life can be tough but maintaining optimistic attitude is a must.
why didnt u wake me?
I'll make you glad you came
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
Sound terrifying.
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
Well done!!!! Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestone-ha!
Patriots all the way!!!!
Go see Megachurch tonight at
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
What is wrong with people these days?! I mean come on! Grow up and stop acting like a baby! Be mature! It's not that hard!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Ponds Cold Cream
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
thanks for watching!
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
I didn't get old on purpose, it just happened. If you're lucky, it could happen to you. Andy Rooney
...stroking this wave in "Real-Time" :) Giving thanks for creating many many Enterprise Systems & intense JAD Sessions!
I am not complaining though... I love it!! :)
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
Oh Mosley must need $
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
I'm wondering how long it is going to take for "outrage" to become cliche.
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
Good Night Bros!
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
JJ..raise 3x bb, called by Q4 suited..flop 4 with two of suit, turn Q...out...really? On to the next one!
Ugh. I can never take a real sick day can I? Legitimately sickly today but need to write a rec letter, talking points, and a report. ugh
Now Following Baqk (:
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
I'm not sure..
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
President Obama should point this blockage out LOUD
Good game on NBAtv tie game, ATL blew a 19pt. lead. Chi just went up by two.
In A Rush one if my fav tracks!
A photograph in Indy Star and now a byline in The Word? You are turning into quite the journalist! Congrats!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
the 80s are back baby!
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
Don't make me feel bad about every decision I make. I did this for the both of us, not for myself.
PayPal is such a racket.
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
where have you been ;-)
calling it quits. touche library. as always, it was a pleasure. now, for that 8am homework... eh. no thanks
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
long live those fashion quotes
RT : Sorry late to tweet today had to fix a leaky faucet. I will save 3,000 gallons of water per year! Happy Fix A Leak Week
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
watching here in Los Angeles!!
came through clutch sir
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
haha looks like a bunch of us were watching the #SMCSac account when you tweeted us about June 1.
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
Damn that sucks
I NEED A CALCULATOR... lol,
Big game for Point Park baseball today at 7 pm vs TBA for a spot in the NAIA World Series. Tweet us at &
Goin out to eat
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
JUSTANOTHERPENNY IS A WORTHLESS PIECE OF SHIT SHORT CNUV
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
Lakers better not get blown out again
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
hard to explain I'm just one of those who are into it
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
The rain won't stop..
How about a follow lovely ? xx
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Forget 's daughters boyfriend's being afraid of Lee , Drita's the one with the shot gun in her back pocket !
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
& good content... HA!
rainy days and Sundays always get me down
I call them "Bo's (or Blount's) Hot Breakfast."
So, klout says I'm influential on academics, but not education. Probably a useful distinction.
Watching longest yard!(:
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
That Awkward Moment when he said "I love you" O_o umm.....okay?
hoes dese days. Nasty, she gave me
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
Next up for Nylon Guys Apr/May issue: an interview with Tim Burton about Dark Shadows, his take on the camp-tastic supernatural '70s soap
the football fight was awesome
"Forget about style, worry about results" - Bobby Orr
WAKE UP MISS SMARTY PANTS WAKE UR BUTT UP!
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
are you going to have another twitter party?
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
Android 4.0.4 works really well with p12 certificates. If you're into things like two-factor security. Now how to deploy OTA sans SCEP...
LETS GO RACIN BOYS!!!! :)
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Wow. This sucks. What the hell is even going on right now? I don't understand why this is happening to her.
Hanging the wall text & the wetland arrives from Biohabitats! Final prep here @ 218 w Saratoga for H2OMG -reception this fri 6-9 pm!!
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
Any chance there is discount for clubs to buy multiple copies for an event???
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
...if he don't know now...he'll know later!
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
How about a follow lovely ? xx
Fuck yeah just said hi to Lee Ranaldo.
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
I dropped a tear in the ocean The day youu find it is the day I stop missing you ..<3
As a joke x]
Good news. Wiggle on.
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
10 more chocolates ;)
One of the most thrilling final 4-5 minutes of an NFL game. Alex Smith has officially arrived. What took so long?
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
the 80s are back baby!
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Did u say u were in NYC? I wanted to invite u and Radio One, I am singing at TBN NYC Tues, May 8th 7pm w/ Donnie McClurkin hosting
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Can you see the show from where you're at?
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
Law of the laundry - the #Ravens all-white uniforms are slick - one of their best combos. Steelers throw-backs are horrendous. Just saying.
Yeah I am in class until 7.
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
Yes! My third grader reads them on his own. My 5th grader will join us when I'm reading to my 3rd grader or kindergartner.
RT : Hate being at work? Vomit on your boss' desk.
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
Congratulations to Michelle DiMeo and her tech comm students who won 2012 Award for Excellence in WOVEN Communication from Georgia Tech.
If that's so, I've gotta get my hands on a #29 cartridge! MT seems i remember reading that some TB carts had him; some didn't
What a god night :))
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
Let's win this in OT
miss you
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
okay w.e everyone have different opinions allrite :O
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
I'm not going to be able to make it tonight, sorry, I know you looking forward to me being there. #mohrstories eeeww hey buddy!
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Im home in Pittsburgh see u at romp n roll at 8:45
what? where:D
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
Thanks for sharing #BookPeopleUnite with your followers!
how old are u
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
no one danced?
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
is a New Star On The Horizon. PapaJoe's Fiber Cookie Mix.Go to my Web Site to request [Sample} and Info.
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
I can't wait to write about this ordeal later in detail. It's rare to find a company botch handling a negative comment this bad.
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
don't make me say tornado siren!
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
Saw a police dog working hard this morning to keep his riders safe. Maybe due to the bomb threat in Arlington, VA yesterday?
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
#infocampseattle But I DID have to use sucky software...
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
Sox owner John Henry joins the Breakfast Show to talk about his wife, opening night, and the team's 2010 season.
yup, just watched this.....yup....
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
funny how people ask who we sound like...and the only answer is LoCote Street.
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
Pres is a hot mess!!
Certainly not certain.
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
when is it coming out
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
Yep tasty! Glad I have another option aside from Redbridge & Bard's. I hear rumors more G-free beers r a' comin.
RT : RT : Good lord, Favre rules.
LA is my fav place on the world!
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
It's sad how surprised I am when a man is polite on the train platform.
'Bouta drive a BIG ass car home  #PrayingWeAllDontDie ...
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
she's a back seat driver all right.
Amen!RT : when in doubt... worship.
shush, you!
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
will never get 'it's torture being a Cubs fan.' Team sells out every game, has deep pockets. Legit tortured 'chises: BAL, TB, PIT
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
If I weren't a research tool, I would be an apple farmer.
tell her keith us gonna be there.
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
what's next?
*holds ur hand* :)
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
A professor of mine keeps using the term "over-exploitation" and its making me rage
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
What you stealin boxes for? You trying to build a clubhouse?
playing the piano in the dark >>>>>>
I got u my brother
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
no one danced?
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
hey I just met you!
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
lets build.
Your 10 year old has a cell phone? RT : Just got a text from Kal, he is on his way back from his Mom's...
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
Week off of work but not a week off of work.
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
": Internet access in a contact lens? Incredbible times." yea, sounds unbelievable. Your blood sugar is high sir...
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Get today's movie and video game reviews at theentertainmentbucket.com!
This is insane! I had a dream last night that Bobby Brown died! Little did I know it was going to be Whitney instead! This is so sad! :'(
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
Bout to KO gotta handle sum biz n tha AM!
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
Church , The opening of my aunt's ice cream shop , & then quince practice !
yeah me too
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
PAD tv see ew
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
YES!!!! TNT they AMAZING?!?
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Didn't you hear? All your newly created lists appear as holograms! #notreally :)
You don't need to explain anything to me... RT : I was trying to get the notifications to work lol
Andy Gibb knew what it was all about.
Another double today #$$$
Follow organization!
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
thank you!!!
Gordon Setter
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
shush, you!
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
thats the Cubs mantra!...& the pizza & beer is permanent..especially deep dish!
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week. We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
So I've had a crush on forever and ever, and I just found out we have the same birthday. Like, twinsies style. Hm.
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
I have literally spent thousands of $ purchasing gear 4 my teams through #Eastbay & still get treated horrible everytime I call 4 a quote
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
G'night :D
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
is there an expected release date for the stay video?
LOL - If only that were true!
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
Husband hauling 2nd water craft to St Paul from parents' sold lake place; this one our trusty Lund. Will be exploring urban waters soon.
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
text me
let's get a drink girl
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
Let me ease your minnddd
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
Y is it so hard to teach yo girlfriend how to play the game lol
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
Hey guise(:
what up
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Samsung Electronics reports record profit - Mainichi Daily News
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
4 days and I'm home again
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
Thank you Tulalip for a great show tonight. Now, time to catch some z's. Goodnight everyone!
tell me what you know about fighting inner battles
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
"I know I gotta Crush"
What's goin' on out there peeps? I mean besides this #PRSMS thing I'm obviously missing out on...
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
I never graduated from college, and I don't regret my decisions. Alas, this time of year always makes me kinda wish I got to take that walk
I call them "Bo's (or Blount's) Hot Breakfast."
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
no problem!! hahahaha
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Any word? Still want the Small jersey?
Downloaded a bunch of to my phone horray :) I like the old and new albums :) fuck I like them all.
Enjoy you day, going to be 75 in D.C. today;-)": Excited to be in #DC to perform during The Centennial Cherry Blossom Parade!"
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
is working on her website for class.
Houston Dynamo kick off their season in a few minutes vs Chivas at 6 PM CT. With the new stadium opening in May this should be a great year!
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
You're welcome!
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
u kno it girl
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
is in scranton
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Train just arriving at penn station.. On my way to
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
changed me twit name... i was feelin it
Should I do the no shave november?
I love you too Logan  :)
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Haha, no I do! And he's real! Not made-up! I have just been really busy lately as you know ;)
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
i should never second guess myself on waiting for the bus. ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE BUS. same amount of time as walking and you're not tired.
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
Made it onboard, but barely. DEN to PDX. Farewell #drupalcon! Good luck to everyone at the sprints!
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
Hell Naw bro I didn't even know im there tho
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
hi there :D
Your O-face makes me smile.
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
"I know I gotta Crush"
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
Promoting the natural history museum, City of LA features 3 dinosaurs. Won the Crown City Innovation award.
I try very hard to stay faithful to my Changmin but...
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
Happy Birthday !!!
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
I'll be your safety school if you like!
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
Like really
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis. Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding & did!
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
Why is Shane Mosley still fighting? Like who told him it was cool to take this fight? Like c'mon Shane just promote fighters & fights
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
We think a ghost has been displaced from the bosque due to the fire and has taken up residence in our office. & they just ran up our stairs.
How about a follow lovely ? xx
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
I WANT DANIEL TOSH TO DO A LIVE SHOW AT ETSU. BAD.
i do follow
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
so curious looking..
tell her keith us gonna be there.
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
cap room?
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
bring back David please!
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
my friend used to have one and theyre ugly and weird lol
Choking the chicken
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
#Heat targeting
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: Nokia, Research in Motion, Apple, Google and The Andersons
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
I miss you-_-
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
Wrong ":Alex Trebeck? ": #Whoami? Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore"
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
if u was close enough i would bye you some lol
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
thanks! Today's been a lil rough for me. But am gonna pull thru. :)
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
My pool needs to be opened asap
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
no ego here, well maybe a little
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
Locked in a weekend fantasy football playoff contest with my friend/colleague
I'm real scared to wash my car. There might suddenly be rain showers in the forecast .......
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
Gordon turns the corner and bursts for about 30 yards, down to the 20
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Staying up late and can't sleep.
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
wa i miss you.
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
should be Kellen Moore if he's still available.
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
Laundry room change machine. Why do you hate me?
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
I HATE Drawing !
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
sorry i fell asleep!!!
I don't know about you, but I am SO not into "day jobs" anymore. I'd rather get paid to do what I love.
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
": RT : no grown man should take mirror pics. ya heard " The Game is the ONLY exception, keep them coming!!
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
Some days social media makes me want to be decidedly less social.
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
saw a great episode of #psyche last night with and all i had to do is the ed lover dance afterward!
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
Vanilla! :P
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
Need to find me a valentine, is it u? Lol
Just got the brand new cover for the NEXT Release!!! Which song will it be?... 50 Likes and I'll upload. GO.
Herah! It's the week end. I got to sleep in!
The rain won't stop..
3rd & Final Question for the day:Yelena Andreyevna, who was once played by Laura Linney, is a character from what Chekhov drama?
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
Remifemin Without The Black Cohosh Side Effects Is A Great ...
is talking to us about copy that sells. Excited to see what she has to say!
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
do you miss me yet?
up its arse!
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
ijust saw your schedule and will be in LA at the same time - I will ring you there!
NEW SPECIAL RIGHT NOW!! HIT ME UP FOR RECORDING OR PRODUCTION!
thanks Paul
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!!
Stop the presses!!! A local meat market imports San Marzano tomatoes! Holy hell it's on like Donkey Kong!!!
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
Ready to have a fun time camping tomorrow!!! Wait I have to work
Thanks for joining us, ! Did you get a cone or a dish?
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
i love you so much
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
foreign dress?Blonde it's from Hollister And how would it be foreign I'm only in Arizona same country still U a DUMB BLONDE
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Your *company* should be thanking !
I wasn't really into Arsenio Hall before. But I've been really impressed with him in Celebrity Apprentice. Who knew?
Free InStore Engraving Event. December 5th. More info here: www.wattsteashop.com
": hahahahahahahah is that ??" look at danni ratting ppl out
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
I feel amish still having a Blackerry. I guess I'll just have to text (woops, I mean sext) with a bonnet on.
which one do you like better twitter or Facebook ?
Leaving work. Berkley Front tonight!
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
I'm going to bed!!!
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
Victor says, is this ICE? Mercy says, yeah right... so why does it say CBP on their hats? Lol.
their extra storage is "magical".
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. 
like a boss
It is too hot
In my dream job, I will have a computer that doesn't lag 30 seconds behind every keystroke. Or take 12 seconds to PRINT things. Gawd.
#sarcasm was in my last tweet
Great last night!
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
I really need to get to bed.
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
I wish all yall were like she was
As you plan your yoga practice this week, remember that new students get a free week here at East Village Body Shop..
Not cool, lady who farted in the sale room at Anthropologie.
haha thanks patches
im cool B) follow me?
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
RT : Headed to the kalvelage mansion this am. Can't wait to see what it looks like inside!
We talking bout practice?! PRACTICE?!! Hahaha never gets old
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
Writing... Writing and Writing
they killed it as usual.
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
No be mad at me..
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
you can be our driver and beer runner!
and I love you for it. another thing i love: lollapawinners, which you also are.
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
"unfavorable?" what is this - a baseball game? overturning law is serious business.
Happy Birthday!! I'm going to make sure I tell you this everywhere I can!
thanks for the RT!!
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
Show detractors great lessons of Mobile Devices used effectively. Then plan for their tough ?s (maybe start off by answering them)
Got to do something!!!
Not only are super generous for providing FREE LIMO RIDES at this Sunday's #bloodybrunch, they're so dang nice to chat with!
Check me out on my youtube page and see and hear more. Peace
It was awesome! Lots of excellent ideas. Will be posting a status update for the rest of the group soon.
Thank you to and for the RTs!
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
As a joke x]
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
vegan cheesecake looks delicious. can't wait to try the recipe.
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Just got in trouble by the church for having to much fun :/ come on just live a little!
Injuries, especially on D and Ryan Miller, doomed the Sabres season.
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
He was Bryce Harper before BH. He wasted 5-6 good years. That's why I think he'd be in the GOAT class if not.
Sup Rodney! Are you behaving yourself?
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
Has anyone seen my headphones? No? Great, I'll just go ahead and die then.
I knowww. But I already missed most of it. 
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
NY Comedy Festival this weekend! Performing in the Love Machine Show on Friday
it IS my weekend! :)
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
Hey , what color are your crocs? Same as Pips? :)
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
ill dm you that
Grr, why do fake pockets even exist? :/
Google Wave Dead to All Except Chrome Users
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
cap full of bleach
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
i feel like im interupting something. lol
This Mac Miller playlist is on
Amen!! ": Whatever teams are more likely to beat the Heat, are the teams I want to advance."
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
There's something in you. U just have to look within
- this is my lesbian sister
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
hey i was at the presentation too!
is working on her website for class.
Happy Friday, stay classy !
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
thanks for sharing great news about #yoga!
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
What should I do today? Hmm.
Went driving today and it was a success
Incredible day! High temps in Chicago give a nice respite from brain freeze.
Let us know if you need any ideas or hookups!
Home from Texas, back to work tomorrow...sigh
Thanks for all of my new followers
u know how theres name brand cereal then the off brand kind. im like the off brand beiber w a more rock edge. :P
Husband hauling 2nd water craft to St Paul from parents' sold lake place; this one our trusty Lund. Will be exploring urban waters soon.
I really need to get to bed.
thought I'll Have Another too far out at 19, nice job : Good effort by Went the Day Well, but a little too late.
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
Just picked up Neil and Carley from the airport! Good to have them back!
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
gonna watch you on blogtv! Btw hope u have a good prom!
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
haha, this made my morning. impossible not to laugh at those eyeballs. Thx for coming last night! so fun
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
Paula! Paula!
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
it will be my last weekend as a single gal, bells seem appropriate! Lol
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
Do only that which is right. Period.
Reading the content of the future is tricky. My inner eight ball says "unsure"
Staying up late and can't sleep.
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
Helped out at circ desk.
heading to Seattle for crew leader training. Figured I'd go down a few days early for a mini vacation before the 17th.
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
Never thought I would be sponsoring athletes.
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Thanks for guest lecturing in #JMS585!
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
Writing... Writing and Writing
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
Anyone know a good guitar player that needs a band? We can help.
Greatness never sleeps
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
Colorforms are about to play
my cats! and if you accepted my friend request you would know that :) cc
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
im cool B) follow me?
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
Close to the last boss!!
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
long live those fashion quotes
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
Wow boot to the head. Cruz hope you're alright...
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
no waiting go get it
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
Do you even need to ask? ;)
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
I am creating the program books template for our pageant program books. Am so excited!!!
Meant to be!!!
Driving to Rio from Guarulhos
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
when is it coming out
#FF Thanks for the follows and RT
whatever that was doughty, nice.
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
I am not blue. Lol.
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
Agreed. Very, very agreed!
why didnt u wake me?
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
I'm good, thanks for asking! Whatcha doing?
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
LA is my fav place on the world!
hey ya.)
text me now tho(:
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
And what exactly are you reading?
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
Why do clients show up late to their hearings?!
follow back? (:
Leaving work. Berkley Front tonight!
was hoping the breaking news out of Florida was about zimmerman's arrest.
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
Nice! Keepin it fresh!
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
no ego here, well maybe a little
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
I have so much to do.
Another double today #$$$
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
amazing! Congrats! Love you!
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
Laundry room change machine. Why do you hate me?
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
Thank you so much for the love!
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
Where are you anyways?
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
no waiting go get it
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Are DATING? Wow! Amazing
u go check on that chese bread!
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
Really Proud of what my team has done these 2 past days! Time to finish it off tmr.
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
can't wait...
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
Snow day in Seattle!
Missing the game smh
We had about 15-20 people for our first screening, which seemed just fine.
shoutout to my haters, obvi you couldnt phase me.
I didn't stay to watch the game. Had too much work. Hope to see you at a game! :)
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
one day at a time. Congratulations!!!
RT if you know who's birthday is Saturday in 5 days!!!
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
The Horn Of Plently = best song ever.
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
I miss you-_-
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Check out the Foundation Center for good research tools.
where you at bro?
Just got of class and I see this female with some boots on
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
Hey ! Killer
Holy motherf'n crap--Final Destination 5 rocked my socks. Go! See! NOW!
little Ronnie deserves some kudos. Enjoyed it. ": Agreed! Opie done good!"
The Architect wouldn't put money in it for no reason. Have you seen the polls lately? I smell defeat for the Left.
I NEED A CALCULATOR... lol,
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
is it we found love?? I love that song!
#ifyouonlyknew that is made up of some of the sexiest butts in the world ;D
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
haha I'm watching him now.
Speakers on How To Get Elected-
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
Agreeing with people so they shut up.
SHOUT OUT TO THE WORLD AND ALL MY GOONIES I HOPE EVERYBODY IS HAVING A GOOD DAY....-YOUNG.S
Keep me updated on the lakers...i mean they still loosing right????lol!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What happens when the gods get to actin like the broads
text me
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
It wasn't my fault, you know that.
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
aw sweetie :(
we all love it :)
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
Calendar of Events - May 2
I feel awkward when I listen to Justin Bieber, as I have little heart attacks as I look at Liam Paynes sexy face.
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
#AskDerulo Will you tweet me just to say hi?
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
isn't that crazy!?
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
Wait, seriously? Picture, boy, picture!
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
Heading over to the #Chicagoautoshow and look forward to seeing the new Ford Fusion, , Dodge Dart, GMC Acadia and the BMW X3
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
Damn that sucks
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
Fuck all my Ex's rt.
awesome, I am so glad you like the books. they r pretty cool. :) thnk u for looking!
Do people just not realize that singing is NOT for everyone. I'm getting really tired of hearing all these people singing that can't sing.
How sad can it get when a incumbent stresses the "loyalty" of a challenger of their own party when they are challenged?
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
Everyone makes mistakes..
bahahah your welcome x)
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
I missed you anyway ;)
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
haha, this made my morning. impossible not to laugh at those eyeballs. Thx for coming last night! so fun
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
it looks like Cuse got the favorable bracket.
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
what's next?
G'night :D
Yes it shall! Poor slappy will be beside himself.
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
I want an iphone4
naughty boy Matt
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
Coming up on NBC6: defense points out what's missing in Nova professor murder trial. See you in 2 minutes
Ugh you're telling me! RT #Cancer's often have a lot of stress in their life.
haha! Last night i saidd more on here than I have the whoooleee time i've had it! Lmaoo .
I must have sat on a spider last night at work cuz I came home with 14 bites all within a 6 inch area on my hip. Itchy, itchy!
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
I want to throw up every time I finish eating Kbbq.
Got an idea for my next video? I'm all ears.
SOMEONE TALK TO MEHHHH!
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
thanks for being gracious. :) And I'm so thankful you found us and are getting connected so quickly. Hope you're encouraged!
Can the angels not swing a bat ? Everyone just bunts
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
If u don't need a grinder then that ain't sticky
XandO_MyKitty okay. Ill let you know what's good. Hopefully I start this job this week lol.
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
thanks for joining local
Missed most of the GrIzz game but had an amazing night anyway! :)
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
get em Jake!
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
well to get them u have to see if any celebrities are near you and find out where they are going to be :)
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
#TextMessagesFromAStalker I enjoyed watching u shower but why didn't u wash under ur feet...(?)
Thanks for the follow
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
where you at bro?
i love you so much
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
That's awesome =)
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :-/
Damn you, voice of reason!
Seriously!? LUCKY!
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
"Every good relationship is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long."
ill dm you that
SO JEALOUS! Sometimes I just sit & stare at pics of my goodbye toad in the hole. I wonder how well cheese straws travel?
worth the commute? #Rockies Mini-Plans still available for 2012. Pick your own 25-game package & get one game free
who fell down the hill
The rain won't stop..
not much help for homeowners with foreclosure sale dates looming....
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
that's what I thought haha
yep, been doing that for years. It does stain the ice cube tray, so you'll want one dedicated to that.
The Thing could put up a fight.
well I'm gettin the niacin for free cuz my homeboys got it, but the shit I'm gettin is bout $25.
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
Our volunteers ate doing a GREAT job! Lines are moving fast, in, out, then beer. #ReachTheBeach Packet Pickup right now!
hey I just met you!
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
crossfit belltown. I love that place
is working on her website for class.
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
whatever that was doughty, nice.
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
20 of us just erupting in cheer like the it's the Superbowl, congrats who just won #topchef #texas!!!!!!!
Thanksgiving H'day is a good to time to review footage for a Team Highlight..Happy Thanksgiving
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
"Every good relationship is based on respect. If it's not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long."
Retail sucks sometimes.... Ok retail sucks all the time
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
I just want someone with good taste in music.
Lol haha I'm lady gas-ga
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
will try. Thx.
less a legal question than a political one. Looks to me they could legally just permit the thing post-hoc. (1/2)
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
If they didn't want to know they shouldn't have been on Twitter!! Great job!!
No its not. Jay is a business man. Jordan is just a player and a brand.
I dont have any patience :/
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
Thanks & Yes we say! RT : Driving home on I-5 tonight and passed the #HereWeSayYes billboard! I LOVE IT!
Are we connected with God in any way? Does He do it all Himself, or would He like us to work with Him? Does He care what we think? Follow me
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
will try. Thx.
Tweet with your questions to a large player in the online music industry
Happy birthday big fella
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
Looking forward to #TEDxHuntsville tomorrow. Big change from my first event in 2009.
thank you!!!
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
rip spring break.
You're welcome!
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Are you fucking kidding me??? Another WR?! DO WE NEED TO REMIND YOU OF THE PACKERS GAME AND OUR SECONDARY SUCKING ASS?! God...
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
counting all different ideas, drifting away
Thank you god! My dad got a job!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
Spotted at #orangeleaf tonight. Should have pitched a UK basketball oral history project over frozen yogurt!
I swear, there's some jaded people out there who only reply to tweets with something negative to say.
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
Whos out in louisianna im going to be in you tonight;) hit me up if you live out there, gambling and lots of beers and shots
First yoga practice after 4 months=depressing.
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
lets build.
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
I love your idea! You are definitely bringing a solution to very big fundamental problems!
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
": RT : no grown man should take mirror pics. ya heard " The Game is the ONLY exception, keep them coming!!
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
what do u mean
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
It is too hot
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
I agree with Nick!!! Just saying....
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
Sweet beard, Kyle.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Hey, Pictures from Derrick Carter look great, anyway you can send those pictures for us to have?! I'll DM you the email.
Ugh. The theme music for "Dino Dan" sounds so much like "Galaxy Quest" that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
James Ellroy at just said he doesn't like Raymond Chandler and that he's not a noir writer. The two aren't related.
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
Get to shouting. It's the one Lauren had on the the softball game..
We just booked an 800 #cakepops order an event at the Washington Convention Center!!!!
S/O to hard work pays off!! #nf I am an engineer and producer at Soul Asylum Studios, followback so i can DM u
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
Looking forward to fall, O-M-G...anyone want new fall MUST HAVES? Visit Justfab.com! Need a referral link? Ask and you shall receive! <3
haha glad I can help make your night a little better!
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
#TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Noicku Mibnayj.... i actually typed with my eyes closed... I did pretty good. :p
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
Resource poor can occur in any country, definitely bottom billion elements occurring in the US as well.
his first attempt is next year. He will get accommodations but I am nervous. :-(
RT : On #BWEChat tonight we're going to talk about Twitter - is it turning into a link farm? Join us at 9:00 p.m. EST
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
Damn you, voice of reason!
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope *S.B.S.E.* Just know DATT!!!!!
Thanks for the follow. Already enjoying your tweets.
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
its my goal idk why
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
that's what I was saying hahaha. Wasn't gonna be mean.
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
see? this is what I need, I need just a little more business to continue to make $200/day. You best bet I'd be wearing ruby-encrusted boxers
I am so glad someone thinks that other than me!
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
... and thank you for the follow!
whatever that was doughty, nice.
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
Snow day in Seattle!
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly - and drunken - days of old
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
Fuck a wine set nigga fuck a mind set
I love these days (:
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
I hope she gets one too, just as shes about to get a pie out the oven....Madea is such a played out & now annoying character
It's all fun and games until Outlook reminds me about a meeting that you meant to cancel.
I don't understand how 15 & 16 year old have the balls to do some of the shit they do. I'm gonna start carrying a fucking bat in my car.
Zucchini boats.... Ever heard of them? I'm making them, verdict to follow. Friends and family to test
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair(:
#someday you will realize how much i love you&how you #inspire me and follow me/tweet me!iloveyou 48
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
can't wait to hear what you dig.
Yes sir
Wonder if cameras would alter Thomas' judgin' "style" reports Thomas hasn't asked a Q? during arguements since 2006.
Colorforms are about to play
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :-/
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
Now all we need is a first home-run.
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
when is it coming out
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. Jim Rohn
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
well he was high when I told him I had twitter so I'm just gunna be like "I never said that, I don't have one" & I blocked him
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
so am I haha
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
you fancy, huh? ;)
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
True or False: Tetris was invented in Poland?
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
how is it going?
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
Just when you think someone has turned the corner, disappointment sets in again.
Flawless, love. <3
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
i do follow
Look, a puddle.
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
relax, BREATH I love you<3
hAPpy with my test :) And that's a wrap on U.S. history.
excuse me, miss?
For AFA, having service academy game on CBS is a huge, huge deal in many ways. Kickoff time doesn't matter. Would be same w/ ESPN
Thanks ill wear it to school tomorrow
Check Out DamnFoolz.com...Check Out RisingModelz.com... Find Me On facebook at Anthony Starks...
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
what do u mean
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
just bought my first new bike in a long time despite my fears about city biking in SF. it helps that the bike is beautiful!
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
Good Night Bros!
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
If you suffered a #heart attack, using #anti-inflammatory drugs as Advil or Celebrex can high 45% your risk to repeat it. / J. Circulation.
i don`t remember paying for things
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
Worst day:(
Social marketing eliminates the middlemen, providing brands the unique opportunity to have a direct relationship with their customers.-Bryan
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
I Showed my mommy my mother's day gift!!! She loved it!!!!!!!
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
:) hope you made it by!
Another double today #$$$
Finna get on my level before the night begins
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Dont ask me a question like that and not reply when I answer.
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
M rain.
Thanks to everyone who took the time to audition for "The Glass Circle" on January 28th.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
Yeah... the 1800's were WEIRD!
Getting off work and it's light outside! I love it!
I did. And it pleased me.
Any other #goldrush fans been watching #duckdynasty. Hilarious
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
Tequila makes her clothes fall of 
if you were working you'd have time.
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
Counting down the days!
text me now tho(:
oh stop it. Your so cute.
worth the commute? #Rockies Mini-Plans still available for 2012. Pick your own 25-game package & get one game free
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
how is it going?
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
If I feel depressed, I go to work. Work is always an antidote to depression.
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
You can't please all mf's
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
So I hear. Word is this episode was awesome.
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
Aww that's so sweet :)
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
Patriots all the way!!!!
#callcenterguy is confused. Really confused. But I think it's resolved. DOH!
I LOVE LIFE<3
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
we need to troll the Coyotes hard.
Why are they called pig tails and pony tails? Why not "she always wears her hair in lion tails?" #deepthought 
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
no, you are!
that's intense dude
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
The Village People lied to me
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
Jones: "99% of large employers still offer health benefits to our workers" #nasi2012 "Not all take it, but we offer it."
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
Oh, the DayTimer...
Watching longest yard!(:
The Cali Roll love is the Cali native in me! My first roll was a California Roll in Japantown when I was 5.
The most worthwhile life is spent discovering your spiritual core and building your existence on it.
When did I become an analyist? Don't get me wrong I love crunching numbers & creating data visualizations as much as the next guy, but....
i haven't seen 11.10, but i hope it's not worse than 11.04. had to go back to ubuntu classic interface
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
nobody i want to talk to is texting me back.
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
Going to Sea World! Pics tomorrow.
Want a new for this Spring? Call MBL Construction and use this coupon for 10% a new : FREE consultation, so...
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
Big east champs
The Thing could put up a fight.
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
hey boo how you been You okay?
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
I swear its not a ritual its a way of life!
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
that's great :)
yes! My son is so much cooler than half the people I know! :-)
Come see us tonight for one of two SPECIAL DEALS! Purchase any 5 tans/upgrades, get 2 FREE! And MEMBERS, get an additional 10% off lotions!!
Thx for stopping in! RT : browsing thru their stellar 3D menu with their provided 3D glasses. Out of this world!
text me
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
Thank you! !
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
good morning wow that's cool Ty
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
Im gonna live in a hole for the rest of my life!!! No one visit or contact me this is the last time you will be hearing from moza carozza
thanks a lot bro.
No be mad at me..
I always think that but never have won one yet.
Feather from the sky tickles. A young avocado roots within vast desert sea. Two sparrows mate, spread ashes of longing across Sedona sky.
Hope deferred makes the heart sick, but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
Mom: we have very important people comin over! So be on you best behavior. Me: I don't think I have a best behavior(:
Waiting on this good pizza though
Everybody is out for self these days...
hoes dese days. Nasty, she gave me
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
A party room turns into a hoarding accident
collaborating and creating music #checkuout Equator Line!!!!
First Hi. First Chat. First Date. First Kiss. First Fight. First Breakup. First Heartbreak
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
Big question - is israeli innovation sustainable? Can it spread to the region?
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Does anyone have the book Metro-Letters: A Typeface for the Twin Cities? I would love to borrow it :)
Strawberry plants have already sprouted this year gonna be a sweet treat sooner than usual
#10FactsAboutMe I'm always laughing
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
TNAU sets up multimedia lab - Hindu Business Line
The only sense that is common in the long run is the sense of change
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
100 emails down, 100 more to go!
Summer is almost here! Who else is stoked to get in summer attire? Rockin demi Shorts, Cowboy Boots and a tiny T ;) Let the summer begin!
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!! 1
Defense wins championships.
EMMMMMMGAY FORT FORT
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
yessir! Gonna do it next year!
explanation.. NOW!
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
4 days and I'm home again
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
No matter how many times I look at my tickets.... no dice. Damn.
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
A relationship is never a waste of time. If it didn't bring you what want, at least it taught you what you don't want, and what you need..
#TypeNickiMinajWithoutLooking Noicku Mibnayj.... i actually typed with my eyes closed... I did pretty good. :p
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
I'm just gonna take NyQuil, I can't take these allergies anymore
I wish all yall were like she was
no waiting go get it
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
PLEASE! :D
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
follow back? (:
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Happy Birthday !!!
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
big up
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
Even my exes are hitting me up. WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. Is it a full moon? Am I being punk'd?
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
sweet! I love the Street Views. You can customize your map view to zoom in a bit on your content.
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
Thank God I'm stronger today than I was yesterday. Always remember things happen for a reason.. Thank God I've realized the truth
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
RT : Sorry late to tweet today had to fix a leaky faucet. I will save 3,000 gallons of water per year! Happy Fix A Leak Week
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis. Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding & did!
Count your blessings
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
I am majorly bummed out.
Hey guise(:
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
Happy Mother's Day to all the awesome Mom's out there!
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
I just made "Steakums" for the first time, that's the weirdest looking meat I've EVER seen...and tasty! Go protein...
It's my half birthday. Yup. #notimportant 17.5 years.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
you stealing my fallowers. hop of.
Only a few tickets left for #RoseontheRoof. Excited to meet all the new Winos!!
takes on the Spicy News tomorrow. Godspeed little doodle
cant wait to break this thing in
ROASTED! RT Like Syracuse, it appears Kansas also misses Fab Melo.
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
u should oovoo me
": Lol. But you don't take basketball too serious." I don't cause I don't care lol. They aren't helping my pockets
just got a new laptop from my amazing brother and sister... I love you guys, thank you for everything. =) <3
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
i got the hang of it now, i love it!
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
...At least now I know who I can have tear the pictures up of me and Ron, if something were to happen between us.
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective - Warren Buffett
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
that's great :)
I pre-ordered "The Art Of Todd McFarlane" on Amazon in November, 2010. It's been pushed back yet again until July 2012... Yikes.
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
for sure!
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
hey would u mind if I made stickers of the illustration I did of u when its finished..its the Mod Sun Friendbase FB profile pic
me too!
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
long live those fashion quotes
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
RT : NWS labels the tornado watch in place in Indiana as a "particularly dangerous situation"
I am not working from home and earning $447. Do not click. I was hacked. Sorry. Jack
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
Just here Listening to Music & you ?(:
just bought my first new bike in a long time despite my fears about city biking in SF. it helps that the bike is beautiful!
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
what's up with these haters posting shit about your tweets?? Fukn losers!
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
Opening with Boards of Canada to Curtis Mayfield to Maxwell to The Weeknd to Tom Petty
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
I think by Friday you'll gather who's behind this account.........or maybe not! ;-)
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
So happy to hear you enjoyed it! Looking forward to seeing you again soon :)
holy jeez - trying to get postgresql to work for the last hour and I'm about to kick over the computer, this should not be that big a deal
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
no ego here, well maybe a little
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Thank you god! My dad got a job!!!! CELEBRATION!!!!!!!!!
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
Thanks for the link! And for the record, I totally love my senior citizen mother. Even though she's an Obama voter.
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
43rd District Democrats will not take a position on Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct).
chill soon
You ever been to Mansfield?
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
I'm coming for you.
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
Dude on the keyboards is KILLING it.
yeah, thats a sexy b*tch!
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
AL THE TIME!!!!! so...Naked Surfer? I am guessing you surf Playa Linda?
cooling i miss you
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
Good morning sweeties! Let's make it a great day! :)
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
#FrostBank has THE BEST customer service. I highly recommend them to all of my #Texas friends.
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
Be the man you'd want your daughter to marry!
If no one respects you then what do you have ?
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
I hope you've been keeping your receipts and keeping track of how much you've saved so far. I'm at $20 so far
All day and night your the one im thinking of being with making u laugh making me smile.. & just being ourselves with e/o
Animal Farm is such a great book.
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
no idea
whats going on with mb lately? IS IT JUST ME OR AM I SLOW! i mss mb cam they had me crackin up!
Good post! Enjoyed reading it! :)
Looking for more beats?!...
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
Just got in trouble by the church for having to much fun :/ come on just live a little!
I know
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
Ohio State can't buy a bucket since 3:00 left. Bad time to go cold. Should been Sullinger time.
just referenced IT Crowd in #e205 session. Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
can't wait to see the launched site!
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Got a track meet later today !
I gets get my dick licked lol
going to hulu.com
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
likewise, best of luck!
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
hahah thanks! What was your favorite part?
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Watching #Hoosiers and wishing the #illini didn't suck so much.
hey I just met you!
which I read first in the Detroit News. Got any original reporting to offer?
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
future generations will look back in wonderment that it took us so long to legalize art marriage.
shush, you!
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
New York City?!! GET A ROPE!!!
YOU SHOULD COME TO CT <3
Awesome! RT : Is having a relaxing day at Whole Foods Cafe!
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
8-5 lost. no don't worry penguins Pittsburgh likes to lose. We dont like winning. Go ahead and lose every playoff game since your at it.
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
R-E-T-W-E-E-T IF YOU ARE #TEAMFOLLOWBACK & WANT NEW FOLLOWERS (follow for an Instant Followback & 25000+ ...
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
It's hard to let go, huh? That's life. #Watching Meet Joe Black
great new avi!
The feeling is entirely mutual. CONGRATS! Now, time to bask in a job well-done.
i DON'T NEED TO BRAG ABOUT WHAT i HAVE &&ND WHAT i DO TO GET iT..JUST LONG AS i GOT Mi SUPPORT SYSTEM iM ALRiGHT..i DON'T ASK FOR ANYTHiNG..
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
What does Social Media mean to you???
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie. I love Sandra Bullock <3
Tracking for a promoter...requested censored pop music..answer? HUH?..impossible!!
what up
RT : the date is wrong >> May 18th! #CHICAGO Sorry! Fixed!
Heading to to see Braun get his MVP trophy for the and a bobble head with Lila!
I wish pop
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
I know
nice have fun
Watching The Bride Was Seven on Oxygen ... This is too sad!
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
Threaten one of my teachers !
Appreciate it, man!
I mean Lound and ruled
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
so i just saw one of our tweets made it into 's favorite and we thought he forgot about us . <3
Look dude, be thankful you have someone to remind you theres a night time. ;)
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
ya that taco place is the epitome of a Bordain late night pig out clip from No Reservations. Fav ep was Japan filmed b4 quake
The part with the aliens was intense.
Ain't nobody like you.
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
Ugh. You can be such a condescending prick. Mister.
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Stop interviewing hockey coaches during games.
Read an article of "tools to help me track ROI of social media spend." All tools created artificial metrics w/ no ROI link.
": In other shocking news: The sky is blue except those times of day it is not." today is not yet confirmed is blue
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
x) RT : I'm so weak with the name you called her ha
I wish all yall were like she was
Mariners game, pikes peak, starbucks the orignal, space needle, irish pub, airplane, train and bus ride & its the end of day
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
haha, this made my morning. impossible not to laugh at those eyeballs. Thx for coming last night! so fun
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
": We can go to the same meetings. I, also, have been outcast because of my inability to love the Pixies." W/ darth mask?
I'm so sleepy
you know me so well bruh :)
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
LA is my fav place on the world!
He that is over-cautious will accomplish little. -Friedrich Von Schiller
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
I wish all yall were like she was
Where are you anyways?
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
RT : Hate being at work? Vomit on your boss' desk.
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
Back at that booty Sams Club, commonly known as Food 4 Less. Sorry
i love you so much
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
#newarrivals premium denim day for women and men in the store! Today is a great day to get a new pair of jeans !
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
haha thanks patches
#GrowCo love your energy Keith!
Yay for the Belgians! Storify is a little bit Belgian and too :)
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
lol yea I have admit that I do
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply."
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
I was trying not to.
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
and for some, very lucrative.
i do follow
Did you all see what I did there? No, okay then :(
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
Please don't worry ab me, I'm fine .
I just started watching Mad Men so I finally get your picture. I spent many a tweet wondering who that was
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
ITS NOT OKAY ?
text me now tho(:
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
Damn that sucks
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
Hi. Can you follow me?
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
Cuyahoga county comissioner Dimora arrested at his home this am!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow Rising 9th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas Power Forward 6'5
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
Damn you, voice of reason!
isn't that the truth!
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
I Hate My Face ? Uh no, I hate UR face! Lol why is this trending?!~ :p
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
- this is my lesbian sister
And now hes just sitting behind me. Creeper!
Ain't nobody like you.
We won't stop until somebody calls the cops and even then we'll start again and just pretend that nothing ever happened.
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
long live those fashion quotes
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
so am I haha
miss you
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
Way to multi-task and still treat yourself! :)
I wish pop
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
miss you
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
Buying children's books, and saw Tikki Tikki Tembo. Man, I haven't even thought of that one in decades!
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
your awesome so please follow me back? :) i can say that i have grown up with you. i sang "crush crush crush" at myschool :D
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
Oh i'm sorry was that a power play !?! Wtf
is NFL getting hat it wants, wild reax to suspensions they can say c we get push back when we go for safety, helps with suit?
What looks like an overgrown scallion, tastes delicious and can help your bones stay strong? The lovely leek!
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh
You're welcome Anthony. Thanks for noticing.
The Silk Tie likes Alex! The joy in real estate only has one equal, buying ties online
Yes, we are doing rush for all remaining performances, $20 cash, while seats last!
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
#Dow extends loss to more than 200 points on renewed concerns about Europe's debt crisis.
The Cali Roll love is the Cali native in me! My first roll was a California Roll in Japantown when I was 5.
For the next 1 hour swing by Highland Pacific Restaurant & Oyster Bar and get the deal shown here: High PacTacos
hmm im bored right now
At work on a beautiful Saturday helping cover a fallen soldier's homecoming. Worth missing every ray of sun. My dad is a Marine.
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
rip spring break.
i should never second guess myself on waiting for the bus. ALWAYS WAIT FOR THE BUS. same amount of time as walking and you're not tired.
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
Not every man really lives.
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Animal Farm is such a great book.
Halfway through 1st day of #SOSMarch, head still spinning. Kozol was amazing, Radical Women were rad. Movie time!
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Lol RT : Tommy Lee gone Psycho
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
No prob, keep asking tough questions. Go heels.
Starbucks is my legal drug dealer!! M
Easton V12 is being replaced with a new Power Brigade version (will be up on site soon), not sure about the CP126 yet.
LOL #awardwinner, huh? RT : So now Chuck's just gonna be sour cuz his prediction was wrong, lol
In the market for a new watch
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair(:
There's new BBQ in town #roc Stay tuned for details...
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
You guys thought I forgot about guys. Didnt you?! Well I didn't and never will. Good to c u on my TL!
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
what do u mean
Forbes says Diddy is worth $110 million more than Jay Z now. Looks like someone is about to get kicked out of the Illuminati.
You too! Don't forget to give me a call whenever you are in town. We should be having a social in the fall. :)
God not only makes "New Things"...God makes "Things New"...Revelation 21:5
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
just I need to be working with you helping you out we need to drill together and all this stuff!:) It's gonna be though but worth it
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
Tonight seems like a great time to try another new menu item at Beta: Confit Rabbit and Wild Mushroom Bread Pudding. Bon Appetit!
I hate the MBTA
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
whats up my dude!
What? You got your mom flowers? Bitch, I got my mom a fucking tree.
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
thanks Kevin! Let us know your fav #pdx spots for a good bite
Just got invited to a blogger lunch in Rhode Island, but alas, I wasn't cool enough to be a scholarship winner lol
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It's all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
MT After Granderson's HR in 10 pitch at bat, he's 4 for 49 off Shields...Gotta believe that one was his best at bat ever...
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
Judge approves deal between Prosser and Kloppenburg campaigns to do a partial hand, partial machine recount.
I love my lil sis :) #sister love 
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
your mom is the cutest thing!!!!
Aw no. More craziness to ensue. Haha. What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
We know Krejci and Bergeron are playing hurt, but what's the excuse for Lucic and Seguin?
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
Oh, the DayTimer...
come to firewheel with me tomorrow!
Check out Friday.
I totally did miss it LOL. Read too fast.
baby I want you so bad ;)
Do only that which is right. Period.
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
she's a back seat driver all right.
So happy to hear you enjoyed it! Looking forward to seeing you again soon :)
I'll be your safety school if you like!
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
well stop drooling lol ": I would have my boobs surgically reduced simply to never get toothpaste & spit on my shirt EVER agai
Glad you're set up with an account again - sorry for the trouble!
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
the ppl from my school follow each other, hahahahaha
: OH. LOL east coast?
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
ePUBs are the best!
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
RT : You know your an artist when your put your paintbrush in your coffee. again. and drink it anyway.
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
where u from
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
A relationship without trust is nothing. so if there's no trust, then there's nothing. right?
gonna tease my hair today (:
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
O's have won 8 of their 11 series.. Are 12-5 vs. the East, 11-5 on the road. Starting pitching stays competitive, team as whole will too.
follow back? (:
#gospursgo have won 20 in a row at home and are only 2 wins away from matching last season's 50 wins. They still have room to get better.
good morning wow that's cool Ty
thanks for the awesome, friendly customer service from Cherie in Dallas!
#thatdepressingmomentwhen goes on a RTing spree and you still go unnoticed -.- ahahah #oneday :D
ditto ziplines. Body descends faster than fear, but they meet at beginning and end! argh.
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
It's not about where you've been- it's about where you're going. Keep your focus straight ahead.;)
Bet some protestors will just go ahead and strip when protesting if they are going to be strip searched anyway
Winning is a habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. ~ Vince Lombardi
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
What is wrong with people these days?! I mean come on! Grow up and stop acting like a baby! Be mature! It's not that hard!
Friday - 4/8/2011- DJ 12 TRIBE & B TRE Come jam out to the hottest tracks in Top 40, Hip Hop, RnB and Reggae with our resident DJ, 12 Tribe
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
Sup Rodney! Are you behaving yourself?
no one danced?
Finna get on my level before the night begins
I'd like that.
now I remember that story...and this is a great tweet from you Bausch...
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
Help us welcome Karina Bryant to The RAW Dream Team!
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
: OH. LOL east coast?
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Dylan Barrow Rising 9th Fort Wayne, IN Travel Team: Spiece IN Gym Rtas Power Forward 6'5
I hate when ppl think their "cool" it drives me crazy!!! c(:
she brought people with her?
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
gonna tease my hair today (:
Show on Friday at South Minster!
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
hahaha yeah buddy!
The lord is blessing Without Delay! Keep praying for our ministry! It's working. :)
DREAMCHASERS 2 IS GUCCI>>>>GO HARD
Why Wud I Be MAD??
half of that is veryy false
Hey today was so much fun cause i went on a scavenger hunt with my brother and my cousin and after i was done i found $7.00 in the egg! FUN!
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
The Village People lied to me
are you going to have another twitter party?
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
: Re: Avengers e-paper, holo-displays, LCDs-old and new tech ALWAYS coexist. That new is a wholesale replacement of old is a myth.
Wait, are they talking about 3D printed objects as even being copyrightable? That's the fundamental issue.
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
okay its fine! For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
At least I know I'm playing good, trusting my reads, and still confident.
thanks for check n that out
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
Good Night Bros!
what's the plan bro
And whoever the fuck tried breaking into my house tonight will get beat with bats and dumped in my woods swear to god
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
Counting down the days!
jones could've stood there with a bat on his shoulders and gotten a free base
Even though factoring involves B2B transactions, a large percentage of retail business utilizes a Factor.
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
I hope .. We will see
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
Be sure to wear the spoils of your victory when you're there.
You would see other fan bases scared outta their wits because we will be psycho for this!
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
On the road!
So I hear. Word is this episode was awesome.
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
I been stealing majorships from people on foursquare. :-)
Defense wins games, but how can teams/games be won if no points are scored? It is hard to wins games with only a defense.
Thank you! (:
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
Im going to email you some info
tomorrow will be devoted to words, mark my words.
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
Lakers better not get blown out again
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
It's going to be a busy week!
how old are u
amazing! Congrats! Love you!
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
": I'm black from the waste down. #bigschwanky" I believe it- family resemblence and all
Your habits determine your future. ~ Jack Canfield
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
Pulizzi: Transduction helps us understand loop between people & technology.
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Can't can't stop listening to Kanye.
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
yup, just watched this.....yup....
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
RT Goals today: 1. Subscribe to the 2. Borrow a big dog 3. Line cage with 4. Cancel my subscription
#idiots piss me off
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
I'm sure it's not 100% true, but sometimes I look at Jennifer Lopez and think "if I looked like her, I would never have any problems."
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Patriots all the way!!!!
My Phone Need Love.
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
You don't need to explain anything to me... RT : I was trying to get the notifications to work lol
RT : Can't sleep
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
I know how u feel, some ppl @ my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
soooky soooky love the dress! Can't wait to see more wedding pics!
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
haha I'm watching him now.
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
In the market for a new watch
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
Until next season , I bid thee farewell as visions of wigs, heels, and make-up will dance in my head.
you got some nice work man. Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
haha. damn you! ;)
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
This immobilarity from Rae is so slept on. But, maybe ppl are putting out shittier music these days....
kinda wish I was going on your bus, its gonna be like Ratchet central but I would laugh
RT this if you love your mother
I just want someone with good taste in music.
And i gots to work on my Birthday :(((
is that a real dog?
#27 jason from both(:
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
Shockingly i managed to stay away from twitter for 2 months...not so shockingly i relapsed and im back.
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
which I read first in the Detroit News. Got any original reporting to offer?
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
Choking the chicken
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
Thank you! (:
Some things are better left unsaid
Thanks for connecting! Please let me know if you'd like to read one of my plays. Best, Matthew
Yeah he's home resting comfortably now!!! Thanks...
Go to my Web Site! www.workathomegeeks.com
where have you been ;-)
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
Back to Work
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
First yoga practice after 4 months=depressing.
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
"A nice blend of prediction & surprise are at the heart of the best art." PLENTY of surprises recently. When does the prediction pay off?
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
I Let Everyone Know i Go W/ him , but does he do the same ?
Ain't nobody like you.
can't wait...
that is soo true I love seening him do that when he win a race
I NEED A CALCULATOR... lol,
NASA Space Shuttle Lands in DC... The final flight for space shuttle discovery!! Amazing!! Go #USA!!
Day of Silence. Not talking the whole day.
why didnt u wake me?
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
i'm fine thanks you?
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week. We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
I've found comfort in my suffering and uncertainty in happiness and death, because what's next is such a mystery to me.
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
Just emailed a resource to Rosalie. Should they go to you instead?
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
our future is in or hands
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
I'm makin' gravy without the lumps!
came through clutch sir
You too sir!
So my #napchat turned into #bedhcat - went down for a nap around 7 pm and I just woke up!
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
Time for the Navy SEALS RT Whoever made the joke " is so old, Mark Twain wrote his Obituary"... I will find you.
- which country are you in? i want to copy your statement in an email to my foreign rights agent! :)
but your name is blondie?
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
RT : can I slap u too?  < lol I don't see why not..you wouldn't be the first person to do it...
defeatist = Michael levin
follow back? (:
Crystal told the teacher to call her dragonfly. Weird ass bitch
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
Doh- forgot. Com..
Speakers on How To Get Elected-
app was called Everday.
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
Nice to connect. Let's coordinate a way to meet up.
I'll be your safety school if you like!
Good stuff at The Room last night man.
#gospursgo are the first to 40 wins and have now won 18 in a row at home with victory over Rockets- have not lost at home since November.
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
Vanilla! :P
Hello Luis :) RT : It's it now... RT Positive minutes Turiaf that's what I love to see
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
SO GLAD YOU GOT HIM!!!
You and the boys are adored.
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
I'm Juliet and is my Romeo!! <3
I have seen some of the best live shows ever this year. J. Lewis (and the Heartless Bastards) did not disappoint.
damn right! That makes my day. Thanks for the support man!
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
The Heat's win over the Knicks will be appal-lin!
Wat yo silly ass up to
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Great to see you guys working together. That's how we should all operate. Nice job.
Cheers to neighbors!
Writing is so much easier when there are strawberries w/ fresh cream to accompany the task. M.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Congratulations on vocalist of the year!
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
Where are you anyways?
Yeah it is in Sac lol RT : It's a small ass world let me tell you!!!
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
The rain won't stop..
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
I LOVE LIFE<3
Heading over to the West Side for dinner with Ryan. Hoping I don't get caught in a crazy storm!
Your habits determine your future. ~ Jack Canfield
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
I wanna meet people from a different state, everyone in Wisconsin are all the same. )X
There was actually a dude in the window (ok looking) lovingly petting a cat the whole time.
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
FEELING TOO CRAZY TRYING TO FIGURE THIS "TWEET" THING OUT! LOL OBVIOUSLY NEW TO THIS! SMH LOL
Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Part 2 was so good!.
#2 makes me think Premium, #1 is more fun but makes me think cheap.
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
50 days until Chicago Warped tour! I cannot wait.
almost, our project will be out this summer.
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
Check out Friday.
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
thanks for being gracious. :) And I'm so thankful you found us and are getting connected so quickly. Hope you're encouraged!
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
So What Have You Been Up To ?
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
My marks are actually getting lower. :'(
RT if you LOVE with your WHOLE heart (:
Yep tasty! Glad I have another option aside from Redbridge & Bard's. I hear rumors more G-free beers r a' comin.
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
sweet! I love the Street Views. You can customize your map view to zoom in a bit on your content.
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
hey tweets
At least - I just couldn't do it, even with Hired help!
Think voters favoring Keith Judd realized he was in prison? National media framing issue as if people knew they were voting for a felon.
I am assured of my purpose when I look in the mirror and not only see my dark skin,but the dark skin of countless generations before
Steelers game moved next week to late game
Gotcha and wat do u mean DM u?
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
WIF needs an L.A. key grip for one day for a no budget PSA. Any takers??
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Luol Deng makes the All-Star team. It's about time. Well deserved this year.
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
I'd like to think the loss to ASU kept UofA out of the tournament. Whatever makes me feel better...
Wealthy Woman Tip~ There is power in a Pre-launch! Create anticipation for your new product or service. Proven Method and it WORKS! Try It
Words to live by. RT : #nothingwrongwith wearing white after Labor's Day
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Rain, fabulous rain!
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave.
Jazz will be swept 2mor ;-)
Damn that sucks
RT : Can't sleep
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
only the hardest!
where u from
time is love. gotta run. love to hang longer.. but, I got someone. :)
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
Santee considering another go at letting chickens into the city after councilman Jack Dale brings it up again. Dale now owns a black chicken
uhm YES. what i say goes. <3 like, i miss you.
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
Yes phone works.
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
And that is why I have an android...oh wait, IT DOES THE SAME EXACT THING! ...ugh...phones!
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
Nice to have you back! We've missed ya. =) Hell of a season darlin'! Have a great night!
Rt": Whatever honestly so done trying"
okay its fine! For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
Just a couple of days left until Keva Juice is scheduled to open!!
The Thing could put up a fight.
Hi, Megan..you are good singer*__*
Off to Fat Willy's for the city's best bbq, then to the Avengers! This workday is ovah!
I sent you over one
soulja boi approves of your new album. Now you can die happy.
You a Man U or City fan? I'm an Arsenal man myself... (cough, cough...ahem)
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
totally. i agree. with links to my biz pages, of course ;)
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
whatever that was doughty, nice.
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
IBM. It's kinda old.
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
Mad Graffiti Week Iran
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
Patriots all the way!!!!
RT Regular naps prevent old age..... especially if you take them while driving.
Don't find a fault; find a remedy. - Henry Ford
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
I think social media is everyone's electronic biography, right? :)
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
like a boss
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
I was asleep when you sent this. Thanks.
ya that taco place is the epitome of a Bordain late night pig out clip from No Reservations. Fav ep was Japan filmed b4 quake
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
National Champs! Still hasn't sunk in but we did send Darius out in style! #Dau1isDidCarryUs #
Being the best I can be...
oh im never in there hahha
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
I totally blew or chances at a sweep at trivia at buckleys. Lame.
is working on her website for class.
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
why does NO ONE make black suede penny loafer style driving moccasins???? what's a boy have to do?
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
oh wordd me too buh im not bored
We need some more fitness on the westside - Rocky River, Westlake, etc.
He was too good for this world. This world is a hell hole and god called his angel home. I miss him to death :-(
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
You have talked so often of going to the dogs - and well, here are the dogs, and you have reached them, and you can stand it
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
GE stock is at 6.69... they should liquidate NBC to raise capital.
Lol every kid cusses around there friends no kid cusses around there parents
Hey , glad to hear you've heard good things! Talk to about doing stand-up! :-)
Hey Drop-in sightreading chamber music was SO much fun last night. What about offering a regular club for a modest fee?
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
I have knicks plus 12 meaning I'm 25 points ahead and counting
May the FARF be w/ you all gr8t sharing new ideas!
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
Hey writer friends...what are YOU working on these days? I'm writing a pilot :)
Counting down the days!
1) cut 1 medium to large potato/person into fries 1/4" thick; 2) put in a pot on stove (stacking them is fine);
the trichinosis special!
So I say we start praying that will have a catty girl priest panel on her new show.
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
You know you're getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It's like, 'See if you can blow this out.'
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
#KUIK AM 1360 Everyday Cooking segment today-Ginger Salmon w/ Garlic beans & Spinach and Celery & Tuna Salad 4:30pm go to www.kuik.com
lol yea I have admit that I do
Mayor's Spring Cleanup today, over 5,000 volunteers are cleaning and improving vacant lots city-wide
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
This has 6-4-3 written all over it.
Dual monitors, lol. Now of only it was 3D... :P Report coming up.
So I've had a crush on forever and ever, and I just found out we have the same birthday. Like, twinsies style. Hm.
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
First PCB has been fabbed and is on its way!
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
Truly live and you will find love! Learn to love and life abounds! DM
You ever been to Mansfield?
Hey! We need to get coffee sometime! I have some stuff to run by you guys thats really awesome :)
We're gonna rock it in June \m/ can't wait!!
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
not here. It's beautiful
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
I left 2 balls up. If not having 2 balls drop means you can't handle your shit then never gonna get blazed.
send it to my email, u have it.
Love PHX fans flipping out. U mad? Take it out on your team and not our players. Saying you want someone to die isn't good karma.
follow back? (:
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
Feather from the sky tickles. A young avocado roots within vast desert sea. Two sparrows mate, spread ashes of longing across Sedona sky.
seemed the least i could do for putting your faith in us! i hope we don't let you down - let me know what you think!
My colleague Maria Gde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
"Officer Pineda" needs to find a new hobby. LOL
"I know I gotta Crush"
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
// Hi Rebecca. Thanks for the follow. Come visit if you're ever in
Candice has been getting ready for a damn hour now & I gotta meet with my advisor before 5:15 
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
Still edible?
yes Pirates start this friday .
This was last weekends theme song lol #noshame RT Why do I like this song by Kirko Bangz?! Deep down I know this song is NOT good
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
Thanks for follow back. :) xx You are really lucky, you meet Austin !! <33
What happens now? Do we animorph?
writers Alexandra Teague & Noriko Nakada read tonight. Thaisa Frank & Richard Katrovas had to cancel last minute...sorry!
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
": The call just came in from Stern."<-watch out, u may have 15k taken out of your pocket
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
Staying up late and can't sleep.
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
Crystal told the teacher to call her dragonfly. Weird ass bitch
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Mule pride.
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Following you via 's chats with you (through ). Looking forward to your tweets!
Im gonna be on a tweeting spree on this car ride
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Informational videos have now been posted for all of your abroad destinations, check them out!
Yeah but it ended depending on what coast you live though
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
i definately like him with Genesis more than solo - i think some of the stuff without him is ok, but not too much
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
cap full of bleach
The part with the aliens was intense.
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
Gerald you going to A2 this weekend for the golf action??
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
hey used your repcode DBOT8787 at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com & saved 10% THANKS :) keep it real
US jobs are always first priority, but the respect, loyalty, and quality of work that comes out of the Philipines is untouchable
okay its fine! For the first three on the top of the back, when I mutiplied to see if it was correct they were all wrong, but
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
Go Raiders today <3
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
Enjoying a cold beer and ac Much needed on this hot day.
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
Happy half way to weekend! :)
it shouldnt be because you didn't say anything. Its my fault girl, i'm sorry.
crossfit belltown. I love that place
Harry's in LA??? :D i would look for him but it seems like he came here to get away from everyone
Fear is a choice we make to fixate on the worst case scenario. Open yourself to the possibility of success!!
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
In Vegas! 4 more hours and I will be back in FL! #Travle Oh, and 1 week until
just visited my incredible, energetic Mom.
relax, BREATH I love you<3
Great weather for outdoor food, music and family fun. until 8 pm today!
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Damn people who lie but just are afraid to admit it . haha . im sorry but your a low life scum no one likes .
all black? Like everythings black on them?
I hate the MBTA
send us an email to we'll see what can be done
No doubt stay. The kid has LOADS of potential despite having a poor playoff round. He'll only get better with experience.
Our teachers rock!
oh that's right you live way out over there.
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
Dear people freaking out about Jelena, I thought we were here to support Justin and his music career. Not his relationships.
we all love it :)
Yes phone works.
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
only the hardest!
What happened after triple H beat ?! U R Fired Now 
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
Deep thinking and meditation can really take you somewhere else.
Congrats to Joel Ward and the #Caps for knocking off the mighty #Bruins!
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
Today was quite lovely.
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
Heat wave coming to Chicago today. It will be a balmy 43 degrees. Great weather for February. Loving it!
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
SEASON OPENER TAMPA VS SPACECOAST ROCKETS MAY15TH EXPO STADIUM HTTP://WWW.DOUBLEDIAMONDBASEBALL.COM
I love how we used to shop during class.. I should of majored in some sort of fashion degree. I would be top student! I miss you
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
came through clutch sir
e!! That sounds sketchy !
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
I had a customer say "If it's so popular, then it must be good." I wasn't sure how to respond...
We appreciate your business. We must ask, what is your favorite kind of pizza?
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
you fancy, huh? ;)
": #ImHopingThat we can make it last "
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
i dont get it i didnt see any of your responses to peoples questions?
u know it!
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
cause u delated ur fb so i cant hit u up anymore lolz ill find u tomorrow at school <3
Hi, my name is Doug. That's "god" spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
no idea
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
Trying To Figure Out How To Use Twitter
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
That's awesome =)
It's fitting that this series between the #Caps and #Bruins is going to seven games.
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
Haahaa:D i dont .(: im use to wearing shoes
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
Big east champs
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
I literally gave this bug a speech about being in my shower then I killed that bitch.
Chatting with folks about adopt-a-community and Footprints (foursquare for real estate) in front of Starbucks in lobby at
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
Tonight will be a night of #EPIC proportions! Join us tonight and then after-ups Password = "MVP" Tables? DM us
pro-Braves sports bar = could be any sports bar in the South
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
If you're Melvin, do you kick the tires on Derek Lee or Bobby Abreu?
Choking the chicken
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
I know! Tis why I agreed so much.
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
awww, thanks :) glad nwtekno can be useful
First time at Rusty's Backwater Saloon on Stevens Point
We're taking a short break to prepare for our Wrestlemania video episode next weekend. After that, we'll be back!
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!! Now make it to the final two KU!! ": KS Survives!!!"
super cute :)
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
Piff the white, itch yo' neck & beat your wife. That's the life.
I was trying not to.
The Life And Times, Sleepcomesdown, Disguised As Birds-10pm-Tonight at Cactus Club! RT!
we la la love chobani yogurt! <3
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
Out of curiosity, why do you follow or listen to Steve Perry? You're a teacher, right?
The rain won't stop..
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
Thanks for brilliantly moderating today's Reality Ends Here/Just Press Play panel
You got it buddy
: Can't wait to come back to the UK to promote it. Always feels good when it's week of release x
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
Thanks to for doing a great job with the music at our Chocolate party!
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
Can people even see my posts??
Waiting on this good pizza though
Thanks, I'll have to catch you over pint or two one day, would love to learn more about cask
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
that sucks dude, well, its her loss
"Thanks Kirbalicious  : Happy birthday!!!!!! :)"
what the actual fuck. i'm gonna cry. i have like 3 songs in my head now.
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
why didnt u wake me?
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
no waiting go get it
Joe Lieberman is a disgusting power-hungry whinger. Pass it on.
Correct, no Milwaukee release date yet... so it'll have to be Chicago for now, but I bet they'll come here!
There is a mom for the opposing team that keeps yelling for her pitcher son. She sounds like the "Lie down, Chauncy" lady from Dr. Dolittle.
<<< NO WAY WOULD WE EVER FOLLOW THIS! LOL
I missed you anyway ;)
Thanks for listening to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz! Tune in next week for the Rochester Rock 'n Roll!
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
Great housing deals in South Florida from 50k to 150k you can buy homes
Creating situations in your head that will never happen in real life.
post your highlight tape and photos for free get more exposure for free today
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
hey i was at the presentation too!
Q1) #AngryBirds fosters critical thinking. If an projected angle doesn't work, adjust your aim. Learn by mistakes.
is that suppose to be your twin or something..
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
What I would give to be in Toronto or Gatineau right now!
Hoop scoop has amile Jefferson ranked #2 overall in the nation. LULZ
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
haha thanks sandi I appreciate it :)
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :.]
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
AHH Scream It Like You Mean It Tour VIP ticket prices make it so worth it! Lets go.
See ya Sunday at Miller Park!
: Can't wait to come back to the UK to promote it. Always feels good when it's week of release x
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
lol aww school can be a drag but it's worth it in the end, I know it's cliche but it's true. Yeah I've been focusing on school 2..
Eek! I will keep that in mind... sorry for the spoilers :)
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
wadd up wiz khalifa tics on deck @ nwc !! stupid mad gear on deck no swagger jackers allowed ! we keep az sexxy
sent an email to 48hrfilm last week. We'd like to talk to you about the festival, and a ticket promotion.
I think that is fine; you sing and I will just play. We can try that one song at a time. I can sing anytime!
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented with access to emergency contraception
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
Southern Comfort the Musical won best off off Broadway show!!!
": appearances are not simply the cheerleaders for the football team of essences"
Everyone Go Listen/Download My New Beat On Sc "The Empire" Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
no waiting go get it
i'm fine thanks you?
Yes, we are doing rush for all remaining performances, $20 cash, while seats last!
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Haahaa:D i dont .(: im use to wearing shoes
I'm pretty sure that a prereq to be on #HouseHunters is "just how annoying can you be?"
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
I really like that a lot. Very true and positive. :D
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
Counting down the days!
Nothing can improve #centralstation like the newest #MelanieC remix video!!!!
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
thanks for the RT!!
lets build.
A properly preserved wedding gown can last years, emerging as fresh as on your wedding day.
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
stop crying you baby
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
In the market for a new watch
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
like 2 days ago
I must have sat on a spider last night at work cuz I came home with 14 bites all within a 6 inch area on my hip. Itchy, itchy!
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
Happy swift year
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
Pay this hotel prom tomrrow
Thanks for the RT recently, Stacey!
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
mama needs some 'me time.'
stop crying you baby
lol go to jamba juice or the dollar store and find yourself a hottie!
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
Be tremendous.
Great! We want to share the neat project management tips we learn today.
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
no not really
I just started watching Mad Men so I finally get your picture. I spent many a tweet wondering who that was
i wonder how much he payed for that media press
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
Today's lunch feature is a savory & vegetarian. Provenal Artichoke sandwich w/ Creamy Tuscan Tomato soup. Enjoy with a Schneider Weisse.
is my favorite weather girl!
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
lol I'm about to go to BED lol
Career x-roads? Join me tomorrow 12noon CT for my interview w/Karen Kodzik, Navigating Through "Now What?" Info @ www.theWATTnetwork.com
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
text me now tho(:
Yes. Thank you. RT : Thanks to all who made it possible to follow #AAS3rdCentury, esp.
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
I AM TAKING A STROKE OMG CHILI PEPPERS TONIGHT I CAN'T MENTALLY HANDLE THIS AH
Follow organization!
dope track, i like the flow... keep pushing that raw music!!! Shalom...
And this movie I'm watching is terrible.
I don't know about you, but I am SO not into "day jobs" anymore. I'd rather get paid to do what I love.
Just a heads up, I'm filling a 100 page notebook with things for you guys :p
You have talked so often of going to the dogs - and well, here are the dogs, and you have reached them, and you can stand it
iam a recent follower of TheBieberPeru now can you please DM justin bieber ?
loooool. Not quite. How r the kids
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Penny pinching now, racks on racks later! #Rags2Riches = My Life. A young, humble, hardworking coaching that's still making a name 4 himself
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
Happy half way to weekend! :)
Tis one week until #OpeningDay - GO
is it too late to be in it? I dont care what I am (:
Patriots all the way!!!!
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
#FrostBank has THE BEST customer service. I highly recommend them to all of my #Texas friends.
oh hay girl ;)
where are you in the lib?
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
Hairbag saved my life.
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
I need a shower radio so I can listen to while getting ready for my day.
": RT if you ever sent a confrontational or important text to someone, then were nervous to open the reply."
ya like what I have had or got that's why you all in my mix
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
where you at bro?
Everybody is out for self these days...
Ugh, don't remind me.
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
I have so much to do.
work until 1030. Go Buckeyes!
#Pinterest's fast success should be a shot in the arm for every creative #entrepreneur. It hasn't "all been done, yet!"
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
loved Curt Witcher's thoughts on leadership. Let's make some hamburger out of those sacred cows!
oh my god have fun!
I just made a RAINBOW SADDLEPACK!!! with 5 pockets for the Busy Dogs!!!
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Thank you to all of our seniors: Belosi, Fensom, Horschig, Justvig, Keel, Moellenbeck, Mueller, Smith, and Zimmer. You all Helped...
Damn that sucks
For Mother's day give the gift that keeps on giving; #RecallWalker !!!
Its clarity is a blessing.
so am I haha
Shuttle driver is an elderly man who is talking about the price of live cattle. Uh...
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
We'll be releasing them as wallpapers for your iPhone/iPad/computer after it's all said and done.
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
who fell down the hill
Watching longest yard!(:
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
You got it buddy
yeah me too
is talking to us about copy that sells. Excited to see what she has to say!
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
dude... How will I organise it... I'm on the other side of the world ahah
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
" if ANY of your tweets are directed to ME, then mention me, better yet call me. you have my number. thank you."
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
You will get one soon!!:)
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
": wasn't good enough of a boy today maybe tom" the story of Konz slipping and sliding into GB?
Big east champs
Hey y'all can u help get to 600?
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
congrats #WVU PROVE THE HATERS WRONG!
"This body is not a home but an inn, and that only briefly." ~ Epistulae ad Lucilium
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
every sport 'em - skewer Fisher, Bobby Cox, etc. sucks to lose, but there's a reason why coach is coach & fan is fan.
Even though factoring involves B2B transactions, a large percentage of retail business utilizes a Factor.
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
just bought my first new bike in a long time despite my fears about city biking in SF. it helps that the bike is beautiful!
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
Yes! I knew you'd be jealoussy, come to San Diego my little orange colored freak!
Heh! Well, many languages not just english. Our class discussion tended to waffle back and forth on pronouns, got confusing
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
Congrats #LebronJames #MVP #TonyParker is the true #MVP ;-) But as we all knw teams in Texas or MidWest(Durant) won't ever get credit!
just put new banners up on ;) Should have others at soon too.
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
I am very aware of the situation with the Coliseum and the Islanders. I try to answer as many of you as possible whenever possible
My preformance was the bomb I sang and I thought I sounded terrible but I got a lot of good comments!Just thinking of my amazing friends!!:)
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
"Stay humble, stay focused." Seriously, Tweeps, it's the best advice I've ever received. It'll take you a lot further than arrogance will.
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
Happy #CincoDDrinco everyone! Be safe, and don't drink and drive!
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
Same Plavix commercial at the same time on both CNN and CNBC just now. Creepy, and am now wondering where I can get some. Guess it worked.
too late to join me?
I am majorly bummed out.
FYI by the way that sentence is worded, it sounds like Tom Brady held hands w/ Katy Perry after holding hands w/ Giselle.
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
The announcers have another man crush on Drew Brees... "Stimulate"? Really?
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
Herah! It's the week end. I got to sleep in!
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
I want to get the socks he wore more than a jersey! Those were sweet!
when ru back in crystal city? i'll bring the office!
Obviously, you don't know much about Cal at Memphis. Dude had 2 play anybody, anywhere 2 help w/ seeding & did!
Shit. The spaceship is down for the count.
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
Human Centipede 3 will have a 500+ person-pede? What has this world come to?
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
Your O-face makes me smile.
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
hi! Lol yep I'm good like that
THanks for the shout-out on DOUBLEBACK!
I like the green myself, or black.
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
I could really give a rats ass where Waldo is.
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
Do that have supplements like amino acids for canines with allergies?
Dear #chicagotraders No, I don't actually think you could teach a room full of third graders. But it would be funny to watch.
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
Pres is a hot mess!!
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
Ready to have a fun time camping tomorrow!!! Wait I have to work
Can't wait! MT : Come visit me 11-2 TODAY for a Ritrovo Acetoria Vinegar tasting! Fig & Cherry vinegar soda.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
Happy Easter! :0)
in earlier Div I State Tournament games, No. 3 Waiakea (Hawai`i) defeated Castle (O`ahu) 5-0 to advance to the next round
One of the most thrilling final 4-5 minutes of an NFL game. Alex Smith has officially arrived. What took so long?
I don't think so
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
Damn this weekend is getting so confusing. The whole fucking team should be going and that should be the end of it.
I am majorly bummed out.
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Mariners game, pikes peak, starbucks the orignal, space needle, irish pub, airplane, train and bus ride & its the end of day
Wait, can you forward the memo? Last I heard we were on a mission to force black women to have abortions
3 things to never ignore: your company's reputation; your company's first impression; your company's own voice & style
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
Tearing apart the Iowa Caucus live and then my man gets the Twitter spotlight at 9:30 pm EST - only on ZenLive.tv
HEY i AM ON LIVE JASMIN AT 12 AM... SEARCH PERFORMER LAILAONLINE I'LL BE THERE
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Im rockin black and white tadai fa mi pictures at school
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
It's all about the 212.
Everybody is out for self these days...
I just want to get this over
We run a food pantry in your old neighborhood at Harlem and Armitage. Can you help with a follow and a retweet? We need support!
Celtics won fuck outta here hawks
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Mother nature playing with us lol
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
just referenced IT Crowd in #e205 session. Already a fan of hers, but this has sealed it.
And ANYONE can test me, I'll know any song to every lyric of that man. I can put money on it that I have Yeezy music that no one owns.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
I graduated from NYU almost exactly four years ago. I'm pretty sure that means I now have a master's degree in Real Life?
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
SARAH IS AT THE MAINE CONCERT AND SHE CALLED ME AND IT WAS PERFECT EXCEPT I COULDNT HEAR IT.WOO
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
Living away makes you miss some people and get annoyed by others!!!
whoa buddy only one man has a a backhand and can play the net well.
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
omg girl I have to tell you some stuff I heard today ....
I am looking forward to the new eight core intel processors...my i7 was such a jump from my old 4600+ X2 AMD, 16 processor threads will rock
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Yea last year I got a 2nd hand high by walking outside lol!!! Nope Im not goin tho RT : really? Are you going lol?
Kim Kardashian has over 10 million 3 hundred thousand followers. I honestly don't even know what to say.
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
#Wed. #HighSociety at Club MyStudio Hosted by R&B Artist Mario & Birthday Bash for Rsvp TXT3235235851
Kobe shot selection <<<
how about you come to me, i can make scrambled eggs
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
I wil read my own scripts, look over notes but who will do all this laundry!
I'd like to think the loss to ASU kept UofA out of the tournament. Whatever makes me feel better...
I really need 2012 to be awesome.
Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
There's a zombie outbreak in my neighborhood tonight. I've already killed like 5 of them.
Good Afternoon Y'all.
Thanks for that info.
You're welcome--and thank YOU for the #EcoMonday RT :) Have a great rest of the day!
You hurt yourself? I am sorry, but I can't find a fuck to give.
For our NY followers RT : The Shakespeare Forum's Hamlet auditions are 2/2 and 2/4. Please email
Great to connect! RT BlkBenefactors Thanks for the follow! We are always excited to connect with other ethnic philanthropy orgs!
Exiled Books
Bet the house!
Got a track meet later today !
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
He was too good for this world. This world is a hell hole and god called his angel home. I miss him to death :-(
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
good luck in the Big Apple!
My mom told me to clean my room before bria and janee get here............... Ha Yeah fuckin right lol they've seen my dirty room
defeatist = Michael levin
Putting on blast for whistling The Wanted's "Glad You Came" in the office like half the staff has been doing all week
"Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies." - Aristotle
I have a greatLeifer shot from Fenway in today's queue. He was the best.
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
Im gonna be on a tweeting spree on this car ride
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Feeling thirsty? Wet yer whistle at Fire tonight with 2-for-1's til 7:00 and $1 off all taps....YOU win Mke!
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
Tonight we have the #trailerparkninjas downstairs w/ Check out the NEW upstairs w/ ... rememeber tom is
What if kittens hatched from eggs? I've been trying to determine if that would be cute or weird...
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
Finished the "Call Me Maybe" cover and it is awesome. I'll post in 2 weeks. Since the WMYB cover is still getting so major buzz.
Hello Amaye, I heard you today via You Tube and think your talent is quite special. Get in touch would love to talk further.
Ever since I was a kid, I was dreamin' bout this. First day of practice, I was thinkin' bout this.
half of that is veryy false
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
i'm fine thanks you?
where in dha hell is u at i went to ur house and ur aunt house come get mhe
Staying up late and can't sleep.
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
Love picking stuff up off the side of the road with
thank you!!!!
yeah...I'm sure there was no TNT in Orlando (lie) & "your guess is as good as mine"?!?Vescey makes everything up, obv.done w/him
Speaking of leadership events: The Legends & Leaders event on 5/22 is featuring The Gilt Groupe - who's coming? CC:
Contemplating dark chocolate.
Thanks for following the WSCC and Thanks for the Love
We reflect on the last shuttle mission, the great ship Columbia and her inspiring crew - Eileen collins
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
1st time Ive received an over 90% AT&T warning for my data plan. If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ &
Watching #HeyArnold! Freaking love this show! :D
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
Sending lots of love to You got this mama!
Thanks Megan for following. I'll be sure to keep you posted. I wish you the best.
This Mac Miller playlist is on
Everyone makes mistakes..
chill soon
Preparing to celebrate the past, present, and future life of - HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
Wishing all of Indiana's teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and determination.
Compelling choices for AP Images to shoot individual #NFL player portrait sessions, stars w/ new teams & new uniforms.
hey i was at the presentation too!
I think the better question is... What am I doing in Dhaka?
I think every girls wants to go on a trip somewhere and somehow find the one that she was meant to be with.
Listening to some old mgk . I havent listened to some of these songs in forever ! Miss it
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
Bring Back Ringer I loved seeing back on tv
RT : I don't bump mainstream, I knock underground
I think i passed out for like 30 min and broke my glasses in the process
Wishing I was shopping at Uniqlo instead of being stuck at work.. Lame
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
i seriously love you too (:
#Heat targeting
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
zoo date with ?
i don't even know. My sister never said anything #wasn'tinvited
well i cant argue with ya there big guy.
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Thank you to and for the RTs!
we all love it :)
Social media marketing falls under PR, according to Do you agree?
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Can't wait to try it
Great little evening with two sweet girls. Thanks for the healthy, delish dinner.
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
Live your life as an exclamation for God!
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
lol yea I have admit that I do
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
I only have like 3 pairs of pants. Hahaha
1 yr ago I was devastated beyond belief & didn't know what a wonderful opportunity I'd been handed.
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
On fire!
its okay, nobody at the worldwide leader of warts believes we can.
I am AMAZED shit like that exists.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
ah. perhaps i misunderstood. sorry for the mis-information!
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
An Infinite Thanks to The Creator, the Universe, and Everything That Is.
Say Yes to ! Let the "Yes to" #natural beauty brand creator tell you about his phenomenal
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
Wait, can you forward the memo? Last I heard we were on a mission to force black women to have abortions
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
that's the jam right?!
so am I haha
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
no problem!! hahahaha
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
where have you been ;-)
wants to buy your used Gaylord Boxes. Call 561-721-3400 today and we could pick up tomorrow! N10 day terms too!
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
Another double today #$$$
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
It's all about the 212.
What costs $27,000 a year, worth bullshit, and can get no fucks from me? Hint: located between greektown, Pilsen, and the Medical District.
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
well something good just happened!!! Woo!!!!
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
My 1st period teachers lights are randomly turning off um.....
Tell that to all the soldiers fighting against your war on traditional marriage.
thanks for watching!
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
yeah she does
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
Amazing, productive morning. #PTL Thanks for the hospitality, US Main & NorCal :) Back to San Diego.
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
lol had to do it
oh lawd! lol Breath through your mouth....nix that...breathe through your ears! lol
Sleepy time
Ikr! Such a funny kid!!!!
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
naughty boy Matt
I just want real love.
So oil prices rise in concerns of bad economy and they also fall on concerns of bad economy? Ljsfhdfvyubct
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
can't wait to hear what you dig.
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
He think he balllllinnn
Now plotting house exchange with new French pal, , courtesy of midnight wistful tweeting.
we all love it :)
Time for new running shoes! My Pegasus' are tearing my feet up
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
I'd like to think the loss to ASU kept UofA out of the tournament. Whatever makes me feel better...
I'd like that.
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
: Can't wait to come back to the UK to promote it. Always feels good when it's week of release x
3 things to never ignore: your company's reputation; your company's first impression; your company's own voice & style
At #emspdx today learning more about #digitalarketing strategy.
S/o to Nick young for hoopin in his red foams. We hoop in our shit
Finished #reading (listening to, actually) In a Strange City by Laura Lippman - getting caught up on the fun Tess Monaghan series.
Broadway's TONY nominations announced tomorrow at 8:30am, broadcast LIVE from the Bruno Walter Auditorium at LPA on
lol oh well
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
all you need is #jackdaniels. Bing fries are done!
Tonight's show calls for a cocktail! Cheers!
It's pouring and you're still walking as slow as ever.
Finally, GWB does something noble and right. He tied himself around the neck of Romney. Wear it well, Mitt!
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Rt 100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations.... 272-1003
3-1 now. I'm a little behind.
where i live the people are like messed up! haha
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
Serendipity cannot be explained, or can it? Lose someone and another steps right in? Serendipity or coincidence?
Where The Party At?
we all love it :)
thank you for the mention :)
Damn that sucks
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
Alan Carr: "So Harry did you take a trip down Madison's avenue?"
#GaySeal ... But you're sweet(; heartyou
It's been forever since we've connected on Twitter, but I'm doing well -super busy with my new job, but good. How about you?
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
BREAKING NEWS: 35-Year-Old Avery William Good arrested for allegedly stabbing a 74-year-old Shelbyville woman to death.
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
That site is amazing.
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
Kioi Sinfonietta concert unusual, but interesting - Washington Post
that's akin to saying the US rejected something based on how California voted...
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
we will go neutral just as soon as you do. A real Christian doesn't Judge or Persecute.
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
#MyBigCampus has Twitter integration! Awesome teacher tool!
Ain't nobody like you.
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
I just need to download and listen #SaySomethin but idk where's to download it
I could really use a bottle of your juice right about now.
what? where:D
the 80s are back baby!
I don't think so
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
Can't wait to try it
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
Your habits determine your future. ~ Jack Canfield
I totally feel addicted to my life right now. THaNK u!! :)
big up
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
no hurry, not going to use it in class this year, just keep an eye out.
you won 5 bucks. Look at the prize structure button link
I'm actually shocked it sucked that much. Every #TimBurton and #JohnnyDepp movie is normally amazing except this one
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
Waiting on this good pizza though
That's outstanding! If I can help someone start a conversation with a 13yr old, I'm definitely hitting my target. Thanks.
cooling i miss you
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?
she's a back seat driver all right.
You cool. French Quarter fest also on my list.
RT : can I slap u too?  < lol I don't see why not..you wouldn't be the first person to do it...
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
My husband works there- it's a great place! RT: Took a tour w/ Andrew Gerbitz who works @ Y in Oconomowoc
Red Wings 5, Sharks 2 (you heard it here)
yeah im hurt bih! tell her i aint speaking to her ! HMPH
we all love it :)
First hour in LA and I've got a free limo ride. Hell yeah!!!!
Don't worry, the Browns will definitely be able to evaluate Weeden when Greg Little is his top target.
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
rip spring break.
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
i'm fine thanks you?
Almost done w Steve Jobs bio. Question: he created all these great things but couldn't fix the damn autocorrect on iPhones?!?! WTF?!
Help me win an ipad! Write on my wall at www.kupoz.com/kupozchic
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
no longer at cook. I'm officially at my new job. I sent you the other user name last week.
Be the father of my kids please
can i attend my email
Big east champs
What is definition of "leader/advocate"? Cynical thought - someone who donates money.
Happy I was up watchin #HardCorePawn last night..almost didn't get the phone, glad I did bc I #BeenInLove wit him&we needed tA talk!!!
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
CayLeigh waited months to get her replacement Leapster 2 (due to my laziness...) And now has had it a cool 12 hrs and ruined it. WTF?!
LOL WHY U GETTING MAD
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
he'll be good! rt Beverly I think it is awesome. Wondered if that was the case as he has kinda dropped off the grid
thanks Paul
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
I don't think I've heard SCOAP3 mentioned yet (interesting?) ... but data definitely looming large (themes, etc.)
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
damn kids and their "injuries." Craig Ramsey played with 3 broken legs at once!
I'm sprung
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
Here's a tricky one, maybe A small car, or a small mirrored case in a handbag. Remember to respond in the form of a question
Here's a statistical oddity: #Brewers' struggling 2B Rickie Weeks, a 2011 NL All-Star, has a higher OBP (.306) than slugging pctg (.289).
Back to Cablevision HQ - interactive channel trials for VoyageTV & pushing travel content to their other assets....
I don't know about you, but I am SO not into "day jobs" anymore. I'd rather get paid to do what I love.
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
We are Redefining 'ROOFING' Through RENOVATION, RETROFITTING, MAINTENANCE & ENERGY-EFFICIENT SOLUTIONS!
My man's out of town & what do I want to do? Watch baseball (the rest of the year, I beg to change the channel!). Bring on the Boomstick!
If all of our winners would be so kind as to DM us your Zipcard #, we'll get you fixed right up.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
Somewhere on the internet, Friendster is smiling.
Siri just told me to look it up my fucking self.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
what's up with these haters posting shit about your tweets?? Fukn losers!
6:39 and I'm haven't eaten yet
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
Happy half way to weekend! :)
I miss you-_-
Happy half way to weekend! :)
One step out the door and you can tell it's gonna be absurdly nice out today. About time.
3rd & Final Question for the day:Yelena Andreyevna, who was once played by Laura Linney, is a character from what Chekhov drama?
Finishing "EP" for SLEAZE!
Today, July 18 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: William Constantine | Celebrity Psychic | latalkradio.com | Channel 1
I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
What's the best way to get King Kong to sit up and beg?Wave a two-ton banana in front of his nose.
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
I don't think so
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
why? Damage control? ": #mcfc have apologised to #mufc & Ferguson for Tevez's 'significant error of judgement.#"
It's all about the 212.
At a talk with and
perhaps a gin tasting party on so little sleep was a poor life choice
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
I'm so sleepy
RT this if you love your mother
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
Incredible Ice Hotel In Sweden Open only since mid-December till mid-April
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
And a few extra el bees. I'm going to make you jog that beer gut off this weekend.
don't be!! I bet they'll love you! Haha
NY was so much fun yesterday. Got to see my best friend and got so much shit. So cheap! xD
We all need somebody to lean on
event***. Its a movie that a journalism student from Towson directed.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Taking a gander at #Justified tweets; people seem to underrate Dicky. He's no Raylan or Boyd, but he can be quite cool & sly under pressure.
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 52
Only a few tickets left for #RoseontheRoof. Excited to meet all the new Winos!!
I've managed to use my least favorite sentence construction 15 times in 14 pages of the article I'm writing
I'll tell you what... Blonde only drinks masque treatments. Add it up as you see fit.
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
Picking hubby up from work. 1 car family until next week when we get to Michigan!
I should be home by now. I'm only in Shadyside.
look as this gay ass fool
cap full of bleach
I know one thing though when I have this baby I'm gone be a Hip hop abs addict! exercise!
PayPal is such a racket.
where have you been ;-)
well I've always been a fan of movie trailers and sound editing but I would miss out on the traveling aspect business offers
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
ARE YOU TWEETING AT THE SAME TIME??? No but seriously, most excellent day for it!
+1 ": The truth is, is a heck of a human being. Lucky to have him in #MNLeg."
don't make me say tornado siren!
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
yup, just watched this.....yup....
Big east champs
What name do u like better Kate or Tori? For my future doggy
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
RT Twitter has become the 2nd screen: not just for televised events but for any event~Twitter CEO Dick Costolo at
New Fre$h BlueMonster layout made by us posted up NOW! Check it out and give us your opinion! <3
explanation.. NOW!
come and get it from us.
24 hours post knee surgery, doing great! Not quite ready to kick butt yet. Maybe tomorrow!
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
Subway session with
...stroking this wave in "Real-Time" :) Giving thanks for creating many many Enterprise Systems & intense JAD Sessions!
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
working EXTRA hard to get all the orders out today/into tuesday morning. thanks so much. so thankful for our customers
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
June bugs in May? Warm summer?
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
do you miss me yet?
The Village People lied to me
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
Truly live and you will find love! Learn to love and life abounds! DM
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
like 2 days ago
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
look as this gay ass fool
: Having the greatest time listening to Andrew cox make jokes. Lmfao
is in scranton
yah, about the only interesting thing o can think to do with Wave. Highly conductive to it, I think.
what up
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
Hi Twitterers! I'm feeling the love as you follow me. Hey, if I follow you and you follow me, let's circle around to Duck Duck Goose!
Ugh. The theme music for "Dino Dan" sounds so much like "Galaxy Quest" that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
Let me ease your minnddd
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Missed the "space" between my handle and the start of the tweet.
wants to buy your used Gaylord Boxes. Call 561-721-3400 today and we could pick up tomorrow! N10 day terms too!
Hate people who talk big about something they have no idea about #learnthebasics then talk game
I did read that but we have been working toward vision, using rubric. Want to move quickly & turn into 1pg target.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
when is it coming out
My preformance was the bomb I sang and I thought I sounded terrible but I got a lot of good comments!Just thinking of my amazing friends!!:)
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
it's amazing. If you ever come down, be sure to let me know.
I don't wanna hear that from you!!
sweet, my dad might not come to my high school graduation.
hey tweets
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
Yes phone works.
Ain't nobody like you.
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
Its a tennis thing? Hey id like to see you in tennis skirt ;)RT : Nah... Lots of tennis fans do!
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
And of course, I mean "Cleaning the slate for #septembeard"...not "cleaning the skate"...
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Big question - is israeli innovation sustainable? Can it spread to the region?
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
Some say: the left wants to convince independent voters to waste votes on non-viable candidates to save Obamas reelection efforts,)
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
loved the show!!! you are so beautiful and ice is so handsome!! cant wait to see next weeks show!!!
I don't know. But ion wanna be in the house! It's too nice out!
our future is in or hands
Rt 100.3 THE PEAK Albuquerque NM: From now until noon, Rio Grande Credit Union will be matching donations.... 272-1003
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
Females trip me out with that "I'm too pretty for this" line. I mean you aight.. Lol
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Having a great time with Gwen, Bob, & Erica! Shout out to Tracy!! Woo!
my hair looked gorgggg today ok. :-)
I dont have any patience :/
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Lets walk to the walden market, get icecream, then walk to the pool! Deal?
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
: is the new role for you in the tradition of Stephen Frykholm? He gave a talk for me last fall.Congrats!
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
hey #ROC want a great bronze glow in minutes? try our all natural,organic spray tanning formula,get a flawless,SAFE tan this winter!
Prayers and thoughts for a speedy recovery
the family fuck the family I let the family n my house nd they fucked my friends!!! Lmmfao 
Somehow that is awesome.
Vegas Story-passing through, picked up a Native American hitchhiker-convinced me to take a quick stop @ craps table-won $1K
send it to my email, u have it.
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
oh hay girl ;)
Hm, we've decided that we don't like Google Instant. It may have some uses, but it is more of an hindrance than an help :( Opt-in please?
Reading that Wired article now...wow.
when ed has an orange mic
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
Ha Ha GMEN Rule!
New Monthly #Special! 10% off select #LED Lighting and 15% off #PROMIX HP&BX!
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
relax, BREATH I love you<3
": since I am now essentially homeless do u think u can help me decorate my new room. It has lavendar walls
The best cure for being worried is through worship.
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Nerd Wars become serious when my phone gets held hostage!!
The dogs are all cat-friendly. Our cats will freak out tho, I'm sure. Ultimately, the foster mom brings the dog over and
If you could drive a #Maserati around one town/region in Italy, where would you choose?
slow ass fucking truck. i could've been home already.
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
full house in the reading room!
yea we did i was driving crazy tho shit i dodged like 3 possible accidents lol
Lol too much work !
I'm going to bed!!!
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
love that show.
This time Erwin blogged impervious to suggestion
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
RT : You know your an artist when your put your paintbrush in your coffee. again. and drink it anyway.
Damn that sucks
. inspires me.
has tickets for you at 10:40 tonight to see this wednesday at ! Listen and get hooked up!! :D
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Or said a prayer. It took me a while to swallow that pride after 17 years of being a "Christian."
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
PayPal is such a racket.
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
"Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
The blood cries from the streets of Chicago. Join St.Sabina in a community march and rally for solidarity to stop the violence on Friday!
Worst day:(
Who wants to see a baby pic of me!?
Thank you! !
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
#27 jason from both(:
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
What is the best reality tv show of 2011??? comment
Come on Ravens..bring the victory to Baltimore
Happy Easter! :0)
Found it amusing/ironic that before this session on social media audience was asked to turn off mobile devices.
Thats so cool I live in California with and were US directioners!:)
yeah me too
Yeah I know Mike Z good dude.
fees from gay marriage licenses could balance the budget
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser "Divas" at the Strand at 7:30pm.
Why Am I Not Surprised.? Better Question: Why Am I Wasting My Time Worrying About You.? You Dont Believe A Word I Say...
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented with access to emergency contraception
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
1 Timothy 6:7 For we have brought nothing into the world, so we cannot take anything out of it either.
Congrats! Looking forward to it!
I just made a RAINBOW SADDLEPACK!!! with 5 pockets for the Busy Dogs!!!
Josh Miller, "I wish I would have worn my Made in America Jacket. I didn't realize it would be this cold" // Welcome to Chicago!
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
we all love it :)
oh my god have fun!
making me proud, McDreamy!
would you care sending me updates? I'll direct message you my number.
It's been an incredibly productive week for us, how about you? Did you challenge yourself?
Amen!RT : when in doubt... worship.
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
don't feed the trolls! They love knowing that it gets to you.
hahaha yeah buddy!
why? Damage control? ": #mcfc have apologised to #mufc & Ferguson for Tevez's 'significant error of judgement.#"
thank you!!!!
Realizing all the homework you have after it's to late to do it....
Kelley: 's election doesn't mean we're in a post-racist society. We've seen ugly backlash
CRAZY AMOUNTS OF TEARS
what was it about or iz it too long for twitter bc I don't want2be rude bc my mom and friend r waiting on me.
No #ArchaeaUW today due to rain, but we'll have class anyway, LARPccupy The Classroom!
fasho u still on this hoopin shit? cuz i already know been bumming it up
. Cryotherapy is very safe and very effective and leaves no scars. Above all, it is much more economical than .keloidsurvey.com
I've never missed anyone so much in my whole life <3
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
Rainy Monday, away from home... Sometimes I hate this job.
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
just finished sending my dad about 20 pictures of austin. if he see's him at the airport he has no excuse to not know who he is lol
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
you know me so well bruh :)
Fun-dip in my purse. Me--=> =D
idk It was hurting but I kept stretching it and it was fine then I ran my 40 and I couldn't walk on my knee
I will make sure to pass along to our group ex director! Great idea!
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Questioning many of my "close" friendships today, might end the night with a few less than what I started with.#butreally #isthatdramatic?
:( Ok! Atlanta get together, soon!
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
thanks for the shoutout
its awwfulllll, The ending is the worst
ima start getting ready in a little bit.
Can't sleep. But the rain and lightening storm is stunning to watch and lovely to listen to.
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
Spring Fever is in full effect!!! Make sure you have those boat batteries charged all of the time with the PowerHotSpot from Solis Energy!
Forget 's daughters boyfriend's being afraid of Lee , Drita's the one with the shot gun in her back pocket !
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
Coming soon to a world wide web near you: "The Return of the Entertainment Bucket!"
haha wow. 10 minutes into the blackout and ive already come to realize that without wikipedia this would be a horrible world...
I hate the MBTA
Oh you're cool. You have a curse word in every sentence you say. -.-
"I'm winkin' atcha!" Love The Pretenders....
I rather carry a satchel than a purse anyday .
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
Faith begins where man's power ends...
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
That storm was crazy! Totally freaked out after watching #insidious too!!
A girl wants a guy to have her house ; a guy wants a girl to have his last name .
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
Not every man really lives.
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
like 2 days ago
Dude, still waiting 4 the game. Hey, i got an idea, how about I spam promote you to trend? I'll try.
i don`t remember paying for things
Reviewing volunteer work on the #PealeBCLM photo print inventory list. A lot was left out so I'm pulling all 90 boxes...
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
where have you been ;-)
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
If ur in the #Philadelphia area, and have a great #videogame #addiction story, let me know! Starting production on a show for u
What item in your closet makes you feel the most fabulous when you wear it? Now, when was the last time you put it on?
i saw nerdist on attack of the show chris hardwick is halarious
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
Going to Toronto this weekend...anyone have recommendations? Especially for FOOD
Mother nature playing with us lol
nice have fun
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
This is insane! I had a dream last night that Bobby Brown died! Little did I know it was going to be Whitney instead! This is so sad! :'(
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
Think like a man has the finest cast ever!!!
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
Do you even need to ask? ;)
Bumping tew the motto :)
Had hella fun today w/ ! We went to like 8 places !
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
Seriously considering donating plasma after finding TWO $100 traffic violations in my mailbox this morning. Thanks, Illinois.
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
Exactly. RT sigh. "what is authenticity?"
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
"Images of Us: Africa and the Diaspora": Documentary photographer Tafawa captures global Black experience
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
whatever that was doughty, nice.
Life can be tough but maintaining optimistic attitude is a must.
Had 5 bars on my new laptop connect device until I downloaded updates. Now I get 1 bar & it's telling me to move to a better location.China?
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
yeah when is that??
you and rocked it. Nice work.
oh my god have fun!
Saw your tweet about the sidekick...heard the T-Mobile Sidekick network has been down for a few days :(
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
I think i passed out for like 30 min and broke my glasses in the process
No idea. I swear I didn't yell "cheese" when I took that pic. Nice to meet you last night. Glad we got the iPad app issue fixed.
It is too hot
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
Hope you guys are having a wonderful weekend!
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
oh wow what was the stunt?
Today was quite lovely.
great new avi!
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
A relationship without trust is nothing. so if there's no trust, then there's nothing. right?
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Just realized that Maude Lebowski's giggly friend with the John Waters 'stache is Professor Quirrell in the Harry Potter films.
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Someone in my office is eating bacon right now. As I am not that particular someone, I now have a sad.
Chugging coffee like it's my job. Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow.
It is too hot
": 8 hours of sleep never felt so good. Sometimes you don't realize how tired you are until you've rested." Amen, brother!
Corollary: How low should taxes be? Low enough that they're not worth evading.
no not really
siri stop acting like pierre mcguire
i voted for yall can i get a follow backplease #YOMO #TeamMindless LOVE YOU GUYS WITH ALL MY HEART:):):)
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
The Blind Side is truly such an inspiring movie. I love Sandra Bullock <3
Yeeeeeeaaaaaah I'm glad Beyonce got one:)! Who hooo!
UGK hold up
:) hope you made it by!
Thank you so much for following on Twitter
There's a reason why I only go to a couple people for advice.
Can people even see my posts??
And boom, just like that it is work-in-your-underwear weather.
black friday crazyy more and more every year sad
Kobe shot selection <<<
Meant to be!!!
what's next?
Guyz I'm havng a disease and the only thing that can cure me is by following me pwease save me ;)
that's intense dude
Guitar Hero Joel Zumaya becomes yet another musician to have his career tragically cut short at the age of 27.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
It's all Michael's fault
Hey! We need to get coffee sometime! I have some stuff to run by you guys thats really awesome :)
The top get higher the more that i climb...FREEWORLD wudduppp
Looks like a great adventure! Thanks for sharing the photo.
Twitter spam <<<
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
Happy Birthday to my girl <3
Feeling creative... Firing up my studio and going in with any kind of instruments. Lol
You too sir!
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
No Bates!
": Site is sick! Everyone go follow!" <- #NF ya should be too!! Sexy
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
Yes- I was telling her to talk to Leo, he has the gift to gab... and makes a hell of a drink /cc
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
Bait a hook.
what? where:D
"Yeti" is the number three trending topic on yahoo right now. The empire is apparently striking back in 2012.
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
you promised me the moon and stars..
Just sent out a bunch of emails to some #CrossFit boxes in #NYC - need to make sure I can keep training while traveling!!
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
you can be our driver and beer runner!
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
#Gameday Don't know if ill find anyplace that is playing the SKC game here though.
Maybe more like edit in something brilliant for each paragraph.
Tryna bring back the term bling bling cause we flossy.
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
": Problems should drive us into action and not into depression" YES!
Sup Rodney! Are you behaving yourself?
lol yea I have admit that I do
Get well cards have become so humorous that if you don't get sick you're missing half the fun. ~ Flip Wilson
Got a sneak peak of our new theater at Lincoln Center on the roof of the Beaumont today, LCT3. It's going to be beautiful!
Board reviewing decision to accept resignation of MBU's charter sponsoring authority.
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
Thanks for all of my new followers
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
todays been a little rough..
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they've always worked for me. Hunter S. Thompson
Gordon Setter
Im gonna be on a tweeting spree on this car ride
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
New Mexico edges Long Beach St. - 1st down to 39
#YergerTech's will do social media for your company @ discounted rate E-mail distribution included. Save $100! Offer ends #Christmas! Hurry!
hey boo how you been You okay?
This just in... there will be a special performance you don't want to miss at tonight's dance! See you at CCB at 8!
We also have been hacked with that wordpress malware.. We're busy right now trying to fix it!
Legacy from the New Boyz is sexy as fuuuuck.
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
that's the jam right?!
Colorforms are about to play
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
That Awkward Moment when he said "I love you" O_o umm.....okay?
even listening to hits of the 90s can't shake my grumpiness today.
Good morning I was greeted by one of your Luv Embassadors at Midway blowing bubbles! She floated away b4 I could snap a pic.
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
Facebook, Amazon and IBM are among the tech companies seeking office space in the Flatiron, Chelsea and Meatpacking District
Last night was a great camp. Now to figure out the next event, my effeminate lemmings. I'm thinking beer. You up for it ?
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
WH meeting was about "moving backward in a way that increases [joblessness],increases the deficit and higher taxes for the middle class"
Nice goal France to tie up the game with 3 minutes left.
that's a good list! and they could all be used together...somehow :)
House Ed Chair Tom Massey says "in excess of two dozen witnesses signed up."
lol it kind of does
I guess I don't get Twitter as much.... Who cares if there is TMI? :) good to see you at least on 1 social network
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
add mm e on Skype! Snicky12
madison, then minnesota and then plan for bahamas. I'm outta here
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
Lol Plz take a pic and send it to me if she got it on!
Make it a healthy New Year! Join suzanne.snackhealthy.com Get free tasty snacks and make extra income! Would love to have you on my team!
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
Show on Friday at South Minster!
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
i feel like im interupting something. lol
#GIRLS on #hbo is pretty funny... good writing
lol oh well
Sounds like a fun night to us! Thanks for joining us for dinner!
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
RT : Also, remember that they won't remember what you teach them but they will always remember how you treat them. #sschat <-TRUTH
good morning wow that's cool Ty
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
morning to you as well! I'm working for a lot of reasons, but of course our baby girl is one of them :)
Congratulations to Baylor's RGIII for winning the Heisman!
I'm in a bathroom stall at The Standard Hotel (848 Washington St., at W 13th St., New York) w/ 3 others, don't have coke
half of that is veryy false
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
RT : You could be the very person an employer seeks. Let yourself be found! Use LinkedIn, networking, job boards.
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
hi Cathy nice to meet you too!
Starships were meant to fly hands up and touch the sky.
haha busted shhh it's a secret.
You should never start and finish your sentences with pronouns. Other than that, nice spelling.
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
that's great news!
with who?
the breakfast of champions!!!
RT : MT : Most disturbing moment: Realizing a music review accurately described a band as having "grown...
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 34
chill soon
I want an iphone4
cant wait to break this thing in
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
#dontactlikeyounever swore at your computer screen thinking it would fix it.
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
You're welcome for not posting an #Instagram photo of my Mocha Cookie Crumble Frappuccino from You all know what they look like.
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
still not sold on Miller as a passer. Let's hope he can figure it out...
I just might try it. I don't have any of these ingredients so hopefully they won't be too hard to find. Thanks!
": Goodmorning!! RT : Good morning tweet peeps.."
Thanks again for shopping with us this weekend!
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
no my dear it's already 11:30 am here :) what's the time in Iran??
RT Goals today: 1. Subscribe to the 2. Borrow a big dog 3. Line cage with 4. Cancel my subscription
of the world beginning at 6:00 p.m. EST today, and how these individuals will react when they find themselves still here on earth.....
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
Sucks to suck
For sure-->Insight without Action is meaningless.
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
Yay personal router is up an running. Now the xbox an ps3 are both connected along with any other device I add :-)
So, klout says I'm influential on academics, but not education. Probably a useful distinction.
Havent packed one thing and when i get home i have to wash all my clothes.but thats ok cause im so excited for tomorrow
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
Django Django, without a doubt. Their debut album is the best thing I've heard in months.
Thank you! (:
#ThingsILookFor Honesty and someone trustworthy. Not only in business but in any relationship.
It's hard to tell. I'm too much of a tomboy to have an average female buyer POV. It might work for other women. Just not for me!
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
Big flakes coming down in east parts of the metro -- but too warm to stick for commute on valley floor.
About 40 here, and a touch rainy. It's not snow, but on the bright side, there is no ice! =)
Day 2 at NY Sports Club! Hope its a good movie on while I work out.
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
Hoover Dam tour was incredible yesterday - they had a generator cutaway mockup that you could walk inside of - a dam good tour!
"and how do you feel?" ... Were all gonna get laid!!
It is too hot
Yes phone works.
and also, i will be posting a new video this weekend called "Senior Lunch in slow motion" More info on that soon! :D
Looking for passionate experienced sound person for 2 day shoot next week in and around Portland, OR. Please retweet!
thank god for another beautiful day!! Boutta go get my money, Juheard!!!! :D
Thanks for the love!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 16
good morning wow that's cool Ty
the mother left town last week for vacation and cldnt deal with him so i took him,theyre dvorcen & neither care abt the child.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
hahaha love to see that you are doing better already!!!! the show was amazing last night really wish yall could have played NZT
April showers do bring May flowers Mayhem Nation. Start cranking up 's theme...
cooling i miss you
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
I am creating the program books template for our pageant program books. Am so excited!!!
RT : RT : Incredible to think...less than a year in, teams have raised over $5.5M...
i feel like im interupting something. lol
Just 36 hours from embarking on an adventure to #Vegas, I suggest you follow
send it to my email, u have it.
where you at bro?
Good Old Harry is getting paid but is not doing any of the work...
If there were no guns in existence, then nobody would ever get shot and killed. How many of you own one or more guns?
Hey there gang! Can you get your peeps following us!?
RT : I wish the show came on every night. Love that show!
Last full week of school, so ready for summer!
They ain't givin the Heat no kinda fouls!!
I agree that 30 Rock has seen better days but I still consider it a top comedy.
Gmail keeps sending all the penis enlargement email I get to spam. Because google likes me just the way I am. :)
God will catch me or give me wings to fly, between child on autism spectrum and mother of adopted older child...I hit the wall today.
Bed in a few. Lots to do tomorrow.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Where are you anyways?
RT : On #BWEChat tonight we're going to talk about Twitter - is it turning into a link farm? Join us at 9:00 p.m. EST
is there a Pin Colada in the mix?
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
my cats! and if you accepted my friend request you would know that :) cc
Yikes! Twitter spam on fire with
Oh yeah, the more he lies, the more God cries. Just kidding-the Light is exposing the Dark. It's gross to see, but all is well.
i know this made me laugh so hard
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
happy early birthday!! =]
Reading the content of the future is tricky. My inner eight ball says "unsure"
Be tremendous.
I feel like I shouldn't unpack since I'll be packing again in two months. Lol
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
The Village People lied to me
In the market for a new watch
the trichinosis special!
a it's work it's better then nuthing for real
Even my cat is happy #DearZim is ok :3
Wat yo silly ass up to
Excellent tribute to Steve Jobs, #3words for re: Steve: iDream, iDesign, iReinvent. (And 3 more ...) JOBS: Well done.
omg omg you guys blog is back! This is one of the few beauty blogs I read religiously, off to go catch up on posts
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Trying out Threadsy. Interesting.
left wing. I played in an all-male league, and I was literally the only girl. It was so fun!!
Laying in bed relaxing the only way I know how wit comin thru the speakers. <3
I Can't Make You Love Me And I am telling you 24 million monsters, I love indonesia.
Finna get on my level before the night begins
ah omg :'O i can't believe it ....thank you SO much for follow me <3 OMG<3 i love you...njksjkiowjeikerjpo
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
#Following This is a nice song ! (:
where u from
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
I found the spoon I lost last night....
Look on the bright side. Suzyn Waldman could be the color commentator.
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
I am assured of my purpose when I look in the mirror and not only see my dark skin,but the dark skin of countless generations before
Make this week your best week yet!
I know
My last XYZ Rep. promised me (enter lie here)-- not a great introductory statement
Not at all.... phone got taken away:/
Oh Mosley must need $
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
going to hulu.com
Can people even see my posts??
I hate skipping 1st block because of the stupid tardy policy 
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!! Now make it to the final two KU!! ": KS Survives!!!"
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly - and drunken - days of old
That hour long nap earlier was perfect.
Animal kingdom is a worker which I like. Let me know if you want me to lay down a bet.
Guy whistling down the hall is driving me nuts. Something wrong with him.
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
If anyone could break my heart into a bajillion little pieces, it would be you.
#18conf Barbara Boner reflects on our future and how to swim upstream. Reflecting in my child welfare days.
I am a #Brewers fan but this Bobblehead is really cool. Next year with Ryan Braun. RT It's Official say.ly/JPa1pE6
i dont think I knew anyway and I cant erase the image of the pillsbury dough boy as "poppin' fresh"
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
I hate to say it but... FIU biscayne is so much better than FIU Modesto /:
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
#18 icon cute. total rate: 8
Step in the right direction. Certainly shows some level of support. But #Sponsors should look for consistency.
I am starving, making indian food for dinner, watching dvr'd BONES and getting ready for meetings tonight. food ready in about 15min.. yum
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
Day two of ignoring him...
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
nevermind, saw the announcement re gowalla
I wish all yall were like she was
what's up neighbor? Have a great day!
Not every man really lives.
Thanks for coming by Drew! Hope you enjoyed yourself.
GUESS WHO MET MOON TODAY?!!?! OMG
it means you'd like to go lay by the bay, maybe eat some hay...
All Aboard!
RT : "There will be so many times you feel like you've failed. But in the eyes... of your child you ARE Super Mom."
4M Insurance wants to insure that you receive the best coverage possible. Find out if we can save you money thru our quick online quote
Happy hallmark day, everyday is mothers day if she has done what mine has!
On the hunt for a San Diego Elvis impersonator. Would need him for a few hours one morning for potential TV spot w/ air-time. DM for deets!
A person I requested on Facebook from 2009 just now accepted my friend request.
i cant stop scratching my eyes!! there all swollen... again
I miss you-_-
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
Very excited for my first visit to The Ransom Center at UT today!
` watching #HouseOfPain and i juss love Calvin&Miranda condo
And what exactly are you reading?
One meal replacement shake will fill you and help to stave off temptations.
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
Apparently the one celebrity I'm related to has been accused of murder. Buh.
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
Don't know which direction I'm headin'. I'm just hoping I happen to cross paths with you.
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
have become OBSESSED with mashups. taking recommendations for dance party on Friday.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
MonaVie Mx (max) juice combines Essential, Active and Mmun - who wants some?
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
Colorforms are about to play
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
I need to order that new one u showed me this wknd
Nobody makes love on bear skin rugs anymore.
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
It's Friday!
#FF welcomes aboard new follow and support his event on April 21st. We are! See you there!
only all the time!
Lakers better not get blown out again
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
you ride?!
Bingo. Our WR is a nerdy misfit, but our CB is a suave ladies man
If sports commentary during games lacked to exist anymore there would be less violence in world...just an observation
Bike. The antidote to my day.
Celebrate International Women's Day, proof that not everything started by socialists is bad.
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
clarification- PGH girl RTd one pick. crystal ball is a bit foggy. #Penguins yes. He forgot the
Hi Michael Looking forward to having you as our guest on #youacting May 23rd
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
WAIT. so Tom was just a cop, and when the railing fell he tried to protect Justin but Justin misunderstood and fought back??
we've also seen great engagement on quick stat posts
been there (I lived in jammies during finals)! Take your time
sleeping with sirens radio station usually works for me to sleep to
Any songs you handsome fucks wanna see us cover?
I agree with Atlas on this. Arum doesn't want Pacquiao to fight Mayweather, or to take Olympic-type drug tests.
#CAWFEETALK anyone getting up this early anymore ???
Starbucks killer lady sounds like a keeper.....
are you gonna do the project for 5th period?
I thought she was cute until she opened her mouth.
Writing... Writing and Writing
1st time Ive received an over 90% AT&T warning for my data plan. If I go over they should split fee 3 ways w/ &
#Heat targeting
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
Who's hitting the after Christmas sales?
RT : do you touch up and style weaves?<<yes
grrrrr. RECALL WALKER
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
That storm was crazy! Totally freaked out after watching #insidious too!!
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
you're so welcome!! :)
Seems as we all forget that push notification servers are costly! I'm up for yearly subscriptions.
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
GUYS! ="( I GOT HACKED SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
you STILL ain't gave me your tumblr... #fail...Happy Momma's Day thou...
I Just Like To Drink And Have Fun. Blah
Just loaded Girl Talk into queue. Ensue chair dancing...NOW
e!! That sounds sketchy !
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
let our environment go, we let our economy go. Definitely connected!
we cool:) haha yeah but im more american;D
congrats #WVU PROVE THE HATERS WRONG!
SCHOOL??? AW MAN! I DONT WANA GO!
In the end family is all we got . Keep your head up and I love you <3
Everyone makes mistakes..
thanks " NEVER. RT : when will my 11:11 wishes come true?."
we need to go to a show together.
Fuck a wine set nigga fuck a mind set
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
The lord is blessing Without Delay! Keep praying for our ministry! It's working. :)
your mahomies love you and will always be there for you. never forget that. :)
This Mac Miller playlist is on
haha thanks patches
Ash no me quede al partty :/
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
In the end family is all we got . Keep your head up and I love you <3
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
who u talking about? certainly not the celebs
lmao that shit sticks in ya head!
cap room?
i'm fine thanks you?
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Kellin Quinn could make beautiful babies with me but no he chose to make babies with a horse
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
Susie Gutowski is officially announced as RvD's director for the show this summer! A great day for Poland (and Groupon)!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.
Damn people who lie but just are afraid to admit it . haha . im sorry but your a low life scum no one likes .
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
I might've been single for the whole year but I still had to deal with dating drama. My friends really need to deal with their own shit -__-
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
bahahah your welcome x)
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
Ears are still ringing from the music. Nite!
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
Wat yo silly ass up to
you mean "tweet"ering ?
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
isn't that crazy!?
High point: Concerts of Bach I conducted on the Madeira Bach Festival (paradise Island off Africa) aired throughout Europe.
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Let's see how many times I can watch sportscenter in a row
Hi. Can you follow me?
yeah me too
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
saw it too girl. So beautiful.
what did I tell you about flirting with this kid?
Bracket has yet to....totally bust!! Now make it to the final two KU!! ": KS Survives!!!"
Looking forward to working with you on the #solarchallenge!
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
Today is the Greater Baltimore Children & Nature Conference! Looking forward to hearing discussions on connecting youth to nature.
Thanks ladies! I figured as much. Trying to encourage school to develop district wide policy
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
Final day of DOTD ATL! Swing by the table & grab a DVD/shirt combo for only $20!
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
I hope you like what you see so far. :) We'll be going live with lots of stuff soon, so stay tuned.
we all love it :)
In one hour you can see GourmeMist on "Steals & Deals" on Channel 7 in NY WABC / TV and Listen at KABC / Radio! Get 50% off our Starter Kit!
helped plant trees today with Keep Indianapolis Beautiful.
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
miss you
Leftover turkey, refrigerated sweet potato pie, Arkansas & LSU football = HOG Heaven for this Razorback!! Go Hogs Go!
.I could sleep on the floor in my work clothes. Every year it gets worse:-). -- Maggie Kane () I USED to feel that way too
LOTS OF THINGS taste better with added sugar and carbonation. Except Mountain Dew.
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
As a joke x]
yea we did i was driving crazy tho shit i dodged like 3 possible accidents lol
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
Aloha right back to you! Have a great weekend. ;-)
Rachel Donahue recommending use of Four Square for libraries - wants an archives badge.
I can't wait for tomorrow. Goodnight!
Check me out on my youtube page and see and hear more. Peace
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Ditched the heels, today is a flip flop kind of afternoon!!
thank you for inviting me to the beta you are Pintastic
Are you a recent graduate or are you just now finding our Twitter page?
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
Oh blue sands, I don't want to go out there and pretend.
r u slangin chickens that r slangin Hawks lol
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome! Gifts indeed.... prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
Message me for a great, price-conscious gift of bridal boudoir for your groom $199 special! ...mention
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair(:
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
Ugh. The theme music for "Dino Dan" sounds so much like "Galaxy Quest" that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
Well done!!!! Have to say I had a much different emotion upon this milestone-ha!
Um apparently I live under a rock. Congrats on the Guest Star role!!!!!!!!!
I'm coming for you.
"I know I gotta Crush"
I gotta find it.
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
CUTEST CATS contest going on right now on our website! www.yeldahgoods.com ....check out the contest, and vote!!! It's a lot of fun!!!
Boo, at this time of year, when am I not on the phone? ;-P I would LOVE to see you at Commencement, I hope you'll be there!
The hardest thing to do is watch the one you love, love someone else.- Anonymous
Its clarity is a blessing.
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
ha sounds about like lex. Snowed yesterday and was 60 today.
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
I think my dog died in his sleep. Either that or I have to start feeding him food which has a lower corn content.
For AFA, having service academy game on CBS is a huge, huge deal in many ways. Kickoff time doesn't matter. Would be same w/ ESPN
I woke up with sex hair, but didn't have sex.
thanks for the follow :)
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
I could say the same thing for you, blue eyes.
You my dear are not ugly. I can guarantee you are beautiful.
Hey Chad. did you get your million supporters yet? what number am I? trying to get that cash you talked about on KISS FM this morning.
80 followers as of right meow! Wonder if I can get to 100 by EOD tomorrow.
how do you find out? :O
The style is an easy way cotell the complex.
Going to a 6 AM Easter service at the Lincoln Memorial tomorrow because I am crazy.
ah I am happy for you too then! What time? ;)
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
I want an app that let's you make apps
Oh, the DayTimer...
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
There's something about a Bass Lily and Blair couldn't say no to.. I mean just ;)
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
Day of Silence. Not talking the whole day.
Orthodontist appointment. Shoot me now.
come and get it from us.
Sorry it looks like our Twitter has been jacked ... Apologies all around from all of us at the Media Education Lab
long night was over at 11:20 walk into my hotel room at 4am what a mess and was very expensive to get around here.
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
RT : Sorry late to tweet today had to fix a leaky faucet. I will save 3,000 gallons of water per year! Happy Fix A Leak Week
who needs to watch or listen to the Bucks (or Badgers), when you have Henry on Twitter! 
and yeah  to you too!
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
I just noticed that every show I watch or love, focuses on a group of strong women.
I hate running too my mom when I put myself in this position.....
It is too hot
Thanks to everyone who took the time to audition for "The Glass Circle" on January 28th.The auditions are still being reviewed at this time!
-- Thanks for the RT guys! Looking forward to finding some great talent in the #Madison area.
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
it is amazing how you can think you really really know someone and then they still surprise you with the emptiness that is inside their soul
": Friday best day for social engagement. 7-9am & 5-6pm are best times throughout week >
is heading to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square to read the Bruschetta finalists to its first audience! You should check it out! 4PM!
hey,ugly,call me)))
We had about 15-20 people for our first screening, which seemed just fine.
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
i'm at the #ovc10 hack day, maybe as well?
That's not talking trash, that's just being Simon.
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
This is insane! I had a dream last night that Bobby Brown died! Little did I know it was going to be Whitney instead! This is so sad! :'(
Listening to DMX at 3:30am just cause I can
I've had a crush on #oomf since like 10th grade. He's perfect
#mozmah sounds great from backstage!
JUST SHUT UP ND LEAVE HER ALONE!!!!!! STOP BEING A BITCH
Gathering my life back together: located my credit card, getting my IPhone back, and someone found my sunglasses
thanks for check n that out
I had a dream about a time machine and my stuff animal collection. It was awesome!
Hey ! Killer
Sorry Shelly. Definitely one perk of this job. I have my bike next to me and will be taking off in about 20 minutes. :)
I've been neglecting this twitter account. Too busy with new job and preparing for new baby.
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
What creates romance is the ability to see yourself as lovable.
what's up neighbor? Have a great day!
Especially impacted by 9/11 ann this year. Maybe because I have my 2 happy girls this year. My heart goes out to the families.
YOU ARE the pretty one miss! ;D lol
I plan on laying by the pool all day. This weather is PERFECT and I need to get started on my Spring Break tan!
oh, no! There's a God. He just wants to punish you.
It's hard to believe I know, but it looks like they may have a business model that might turn around.
and I love you for it. another thing i love: lollapawinners, which you also are.
on ? I'm f*ckin watchin, that's it.
Joseph's purpose/destiny was greater than himself &his generation. His dream was bigger than his abilities. God used him 2prepare the way!
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
Great sports day in Atlanta. The Braves and Hawks both win! MAKE SOME NOISE ATL!
Rather bold updates to the new Twitter website. I think they did a good job.
Fucking RISPFAIL is going to haunt the Yankees today
no one danced?
all you need is #jackdaniels. Bing fries are done!
pretty much anything i can this girl i have strong feelings for is from colombia she is going back there soon will miss her
yes! My son is so much cooler than half the people I know! :-)
N here getting my Allen Iverson "Practice" on getting Ready 4 my $ession with BuBu da Producer... Hope y'all had a Safe & Happy weekend FL3
I'm the man, yeah I said it. Bxtch I'm the man don't you forget it.
Wait, can you forward the memo? Last I heard we were on a mission to force black women to have abortions
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
#27 jason from both(:
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
I know how u feel, some ppl @ my old school were really mean to me, but I care about u.
Moldy makes me a sad girl.
My colleague Maria Gde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
gargle with warm saltwater or black tea with no sugar in it.
Writing... Writing and Writing
N I'm Sorry Dat U Even Had Ta Deal Wit Me
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
Dear YouTube if I wanted to watch commercials I would have turned on my tv. Duh
I eat there enough... can probably branch out a little :)
": Cookout anyone" Birch was there
I think he was talking more level of play causing it to go long than he was complaining.
Fuck this idk why I even bother!! I'm not texting anyone anymore!!
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
Unless you're into that
Aww that's so sweet :)
this falling rain is cozy
Valentines Day is around the corner, make sure you BUY BLACK! Dinner at a Black-owned restaurant. Gift certificate from a Black-owned spa...
K my day sucked but my night is already awesome! Gifts indeed.... prepare yourselves, for the Holiday Fear!
In the end family is all we got . Keep your head up and I love you <3
I don't discuss my political views with twitter because too many people base their arguments on feeling rather than fact
didn't end up reading it... So YOU should tell me how it is!
but your name is blondie?
Now is the time for your last minute Christmas cards to get in the mail. We have premade designs. www.mailmastersprintcenter.com
Just here Listening to Music & you ?(:
So I woke up this morning with a burn mark on my neck & it stings :o wtfff ? I don't even know how I got itt ?
love that show.
My pleasure!
let's get a drink girl
not helping... fate.. hm, that sounds reasonable
HAHAHA. ": "Australia gave you topless One Direction, Sweden gave you topless Directioners." THIS."
Let me ease your minnddd
Some online colleagues and I are collaborating on a virtual conference for ourselves with
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
what time?!?
Yes phone works.
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
I want to be snuggled up in bed, but alas, I have work to do
I Can't Make you Love me If im Not the man u want tell me Let me move On
i seriously love you too (:
RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
HEY!! Don't be mean! Hahahhaha.RT : Fuck you then t-.-
Internet outage is cutting into my website building time. Get with it Time Warner
She sexy, she fine, she say she love me, I know she lyin', we stay fuckin'....from time to time...
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Somehow that is awesome.
eh, there are worse things.
Can the angels not swing a bat ? Everyone just bunts
We got to see it too! So cool!
Never gave a shit what people thought of her, still doesn't. Salute.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 9
i love you so much
Yeah, she puts the love of Jesus in every scope, that's what the little white dots were.
Think? My Life Is Perfect! :)
I really wish I could see you guys on this tour. :(
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
When I was young my bestfriend and I had dreams,He wanted to be a astronaut,I wanted to sell dolphins on the black market...ppffff astronaut
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Saturday see at the NW Portland Williams-Sonoma store, 12pm to 4pm. Come down and test the hottness for yourself. Sauce too
There's nothing wrong with hating people :) :) :)
HEY i AM ON LIVE JASMIN AT 12 AM... SEARCH PERFORMER LAILAONLINE I'LL BE THERE
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
I don't blame you!!!
Carly&Caley this girls is JUST AMAZING,I <3 You!
I NEED ME MORE THAN I NEED U
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Yeah... the 1800's were WEIRD!
thanks for the great info! i've been looking for a new health record keeping site ever since google health shut down!
It starts tomorrow morning with bacon, eggs, and a WOD at the Crossfit Box.
Flawless, love. <3
Today in history Jelly Roll Morton, one of America's first jazz musicians passed away in 1941 after a 40+ year career
I know a expert who's looking for a full-time gig. DM me if you have a lead, please.
"I need that drink, like a camel needs water & I need it to taste as good as the last piece of carrot cake." Your best quote.
So I'm on Twitter, now the only difficulty will be censoring myself from saying what I really want to. It won't last long.
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
": If you're not being paid to go to Bingas don't go"
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
I was surprised that the orchestra continued to play while Morgan Freeman spoke too...it IS too loud.
That was the final concert of the semester from the Paradise Valley Community College jazz ensemble - my 2nd semester w/ them
Me and Cody broke up
send it to my email, u have it.
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
"...taken to a level of pure physical exhilaration...it's impossible not to melt into sweet agony..."
you know me so well bruh :)
I actually had the pear first. I struck out at a small grocery on the way to class. Then the prof produced McVities.
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
Thanks for the follow
ehhh ... You know I just smelled his presence
Today was quite lovely.
The WCM Samba Unit will perform before the 7pm Milwaukee Admirals game this Sat. night! Discounted tickets are available for WCM students
I keep forgetting I'm wearing a sparkle #Santa hat, since I've worn it pretty much all day since
Hi everyone! anyone getting married, I have some offers for those lucky brides getting ready for the big day
I'd give away a thousand days, just to have another one with you.
Steelers game moved next week to late game
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
we love folk alliance memories!
Bed #tired. I missed my bed
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
Do! I think it would be fun to do together
Writing... Writing and Writing
So happy to hear you enjoyed it! Looking forward to seeing you again soon :)
. inspires me.
haha thanks patches
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
Thank you for the RT!
Attending "Streaming Video & Libraries" ALCTS webinar.
Wedding guests coming from out of town? Discount group rates available throughout the summer!!! Beautiful harbor views at a great price!
Name the song Charlie had to type in the control panel at the end of season 3 to kill the signal blocking device? #Lost Trivia
That site is amazing.
Pretty soon college is just going through the motions.
Definitely laying out the second I get home .
Thanks for the article! Google Music was able to upload 25 GB in about 3 days for me, setting my expectation (unfairly?) for me.
Firm believer that good things happen to those who wait...
Awww you love me 
In Santa Monica. It's like homeless people heaven.
we all love it :)
Thanks for all the new LIKES everyone -- brings a big, happy smile to my face!
Can't stop players and their friends/family from tweeting draft info before networks announce it.
I really wanna fuck wit cha that citiskateteam is official I'm coming up there in a couple we link 1
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
My colleague Maria Gde presents her work on multilingual access to #europeana now at #etech11 - interesting results from log file analysis
Wow wtf. Alexis
RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented with access to emergency contraception
How Somebody Too Good To Talk That's Juss Dumb ....
Well played hahaha
With Toot Away, you won't smell toots. Nice.
haven't you said in the past that you shouldn't post all the same shit to every social network?
isn't that crazy!?
#MoneyNeverSleeps #ScaredMoneyDontMakeNoMoney ! RT : Thinking about taking tonight off. I can use it.
Got myself caught in a fairytale & what is real
RT Wrapped up interview with and feature in "The Resurrection" Issue
imy seeing you're ass too ! but i didn't make it ); fml.
Avengers officially blew my mind and my childhood back into the right place it needs to be! Thank you Joss Whedon...Thank you.
Happy 15th Birthday make today memorable! :)
#amomentofsilence for Harry Potter crossing the $900 million dollar mark. Cheese and crackers!
After two presentations today, I am celebrating tonight. One was ok, but the other was like BOOM! In a good way :)
We run a food pantry in your old neighborhood at Harlem and Armitage. Can you help with a follow and a retweet? We need support!
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
Hot Chelle Rae and Electric Touch concert tonight tonight! ;D
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
just to have a timeline i'd actually like to read
lets build.
Thanks, Rob!
i just downloaded it repetitivly and it patched in
is that a real dog?
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
#NBAisBack Lockout is finally over! Can't wait to go to a Bucks game! Fear the Deer!
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
seriously. what would i do without all the stupid people in the world to amuse me. i appreciate you guys!
I hate the MBTA
IMMMA TELL YOU ONE TIME
Hi. Can you follow me?
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
Huge crowd for our March Lunch N Learn - This month's topic is on Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
Canton Residents: There will be an informational meeting tonight 630pm @ St Anthony's Hall about the plans for St Pat's Day on the Square.
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
In A Rush one if my fav tracks!
Amen. I'm mostly surprised that amazon did the overdrive deal in first place and skip over libraries already.
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
Zombieland sequel in 3-D Oh I hope this is true!!!
no problem!! hahahaha
and some of the food court. And the arcade.
and befriend commas.
5 new Archies is pretty awesome though!!
Haha, no I do! And he's real! Not made-up! I have just been really busy lately as you know ;)
No you paid cash to find out how Sandra Bullock uses 'The Shells'. No shame there.
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
You in "Stardust". Cue Boyfriends mind being blown. Thank you. Carry on.
All Aboard!
"Thirsty Thursdays" = Happy Hour: 12oz KINGFISHER Beer Only $3 or pick any other 12oz Beer for $3 as-well. (5pm-7pm.) PLEASE MENTION AD!
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
I think that is fine; you sing and I will just play. We can try that one song at a time. I can sing anytime!
hi there :D
why are yoga pants so amazing ?
Personally, we're looking forward to when Jersey Shore hits Broadway.
It was nice of Nebraska to replace Indiana as the B10's hopeless doormat.
not much help for homeowners with foreclosure sale dates looming....
Ancient Aliens is keeping me from housework. -_-
Didn't know you were in Nashville. Tell Billy that Big Ed says howdy. He a good guy that Billy.
Bumpersticker said, " No tea party for me, I can think for myself" Found it at www.zazzle.com/jerwin
text me now tho(:
Everyone needs something to believe in. What do you believe in?
Yes, the tech gods are not smiling on us today :-/
Sunday reading: Clayton Christensen on disruption in online education - The Next Web t.co/kiSMOEDP
I can cook all that,and much more! Thanks for the shoutout
i think you mean i've had a few beers, lol
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
I wish a pearl, I guess its not that rare to get two oyster together, it just happened to be one I picked to taste
Real niggas pour the milk then add the cereal
Dumb ppl really do have children RT SNOOKI IS PREGNANT!!! mazel tov!!! source just confirmed the ny post story with me.
love the hashtag! where do you get good mexican food in our fair city?
what's oomf
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
follow back? (:
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Snow potential for this coming storm, courtesy of WAOW Newsline 9 in Wausau. NW Wisconsin will get up to 15":
Finna get on my level before the night begins
of course!
so he'll block me on facebook but will follow mw on twitter...
ITS NOT OKAY ?
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
but nothin, watching my Cubs
": "Forward down the field!"" .... A lions victory. Go Lions!
Whoops, meant "error" there. Not "run."
You bet man.. You and Joel do great things.. Just wonder how long before you land big.. You are patient & smart thou!!
And on a second note... I miss
Generations streaming is down. Had a powersurge earlier. Working on getting it back up
Look there's no 'new' anything ok? New isn't new. Old isn't new. Old is old. That's all there is. Old is the old old. I need a hug
Hm...I wonder what you'd look like tied up o.O
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
>> putting into question whether he would have, or would have put himself in a position to be able to give that order. Amazing.
naw its been a while. How's everything? We should all link up
Yes, I always offer to go to lunch with the person, but do let them know it is ok if they prefer not to
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
Is it me, or does this fish have a highly suggestive/euphemistic name: French grunt?
If you grew up in a Wisconsin city of 9000 or so, imagine everyone in it lost their job in April. Everyone. That's Walker's record.
literally always plays Sexy and I Know it and The One That Got Away back-to-back.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Happiness is running an ethical company with a soul.
hey stud
see? this is what I need, I need just a little more business to continue to make $200/day. You best bet I'd be wearing ruby-encrusted boxers
Nothing like a Stella to wash down my corn pops
Saw a license plate on the way home, "TEAMJCB". Lol
I disagree it's 2,670 I like round numbers :)
Great day @ the Coconut Grove Arts Festival today. Amazing work by all the participating photographers.
Watching weather channel. Irene is a bitch..
the reloaded have the song with u and Brandy?
serious study of God takes time and effort, and I do think there are some who should be paid for it, for our benefit.
Our La Jolla gig fell through. We're now available to play May 21-29 in So Cal. Chinese buffets, hospital, schools, weddings. Any takers?
ready for the FSU upset of Ohio state once you get there???
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Of course I would be the one to almost play with a strangers hair(:
Currently ghost hunting with and his parents on the Queen Mary!
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
you are not an idiot. We all do idiotic things sometimes, but that does not make us an idiot. You rock. You are awesome. ::hugs::
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
no doubt, how can I not follow such a person. Cmoooooooon
you got some nice work man. Would love to chop it up with you sometime.
I work with complete squares. There are two Dicks working here: "Big Dick" and "Little Dick"
Off for The day wow !!! Valley fair & mall of America today k pce
Omg at la luna negra n it is packed, but fun
Niall ... I discovered that perfection exists .. you!
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
Hi, since you been getting a lot of novel pitches. Here's a curve. My wife's gem is The Seasoned Personality. Address? Pls.Help!
Great Information Cheerios and the USO Team Up to Send Cheer to Military Families MINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Cheerios and the USO
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
thank you for sharing the event, we look forward to seeing you tonight!
The Mars Volta and Illustrator been keeping me company all morning. I'm having traditional drawing withdraws.
I'm not really a tranny honey...
Oh shit h did not just say that lol
dadyj told me u were fierce...And i have to work it...To keep up!!
would you let me light up the sky? light it up for you and If you let me make this mine I promise I'll ignite for you
I hate being single... but it is what it is.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them.
As you plan your yoga practice this week, remember that new students get a free week here at East Village Body Shop..
if you were reading for the role of Bird or Angel, you'd be set.
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
that = much better theme for the panel. Meanwhile, I saw Antoine nearly slip on a banana peel. Really. WHERE WERE YOU?
Staring at someone intensely until they get ur text
One word you will never hear come out my mouth is mama. It's so ugly lol i'll just stick to sayin ma
functional AND a snazzy accessory.
LOL...he hit some shot that kept ya'll close...just wasn't enough..
u go check on that chese bread!
A-Rod with a bunt single. I'll take it
of course!
yes! My son is so much cooler than half the people I know! :-)
Two men were executed because of homeland leading to America being against immigrants
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Colgate Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
yes, James Bourne is a friend of zach and a cowriter on the song "James".
Hi Harry.  My name is Caitlynn and I'm pretty sure you will never notice me. But no worries, I'll still support you 169%.
Doug thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend.
hey i was at the presentation too!
"One man's disappointmentIs another man's livelihood."
Getting antsy...it's really tough to go running when you're in a walking boot
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
We're not anti anything. We are just trying to promote love over snark. Hugs over drama. Positivity will always win!
- the only time you should ever look back is to see how far you came.
lol my bad for coming off rude but iknow who you are
lol funniest video 
Damn that sucks
Ellen is always welcome! RT Albuquerque NM invites u 2 come to the ABQ international balloon fiesta in Oct!!
Sometimes I feel like a dancer in a ballet show for the blind. Probably best for them; I look pretty horrific in a leotard
Thats good..Are you from NJ/ NY?
Ahh officially spending the fourth of July weekend in the lovely state of New Jersey :)
Watched the 1st half highlights.....barely any Pacers highlights because all they do is just win games!
Much thanks to and for meeting with me this morning& collaborating. Watch for great #smcmke events in 2011!
I followed her please tell them :-)
#smwtransmedia Debate over the term "transmedia" reminds me of the heated debate back in the day of whether email is/was letter-writing.
Animal Farm is such a great book.
~ THAT'S AWESOME!!! I'm SO glad my friend...God bless...
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
great now I'm just scared of . I used to just think she was hot, thanks a lot jerk :(
": #Christinas face is thick.... Has she gained weight or preggo? #thevoice" we were just saying the same thing. Maybe preggo?
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
Misogynist is just what you call people who won't do what you say or give u what u want
thank you! Have a great Wednesday!
we need to go to a show together.
I always hear that twang in your tweets. Heh. RT Could ya hear my Texas accent in that tweet? LOL.
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
You going to the Jacob L. concert?
": wasn't good enough of a boy today maybe tom" the story of Konz slipping and sliding into GB?
Got your #TaxiMagic app yet? It's FREE! Just visit www.broadwaycab.com. You'll be glad you did!
great to see you last night , welcome to seattle!
": Remember Pete Wentz? He's just the dj at the club I'm at. Yep." Celebrity sighting!!!
I'm just not sure if I care to read it & I don't want to prejudge just in case. Will refollow soon...you kill me!
my tweets are bi-poar. 8)
Its your first time eating chinese food?? Thats crazy :)
Ok I sprayed them. Now I have a bunch of dead ants in my mailbox.
haha I'm watching him now.
Its weird that im up at 6 lol anyways good morning loves may god bless you all and have a good day :)
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
who fell down the hill
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
Tom Waits - Long Way Home - 09:12 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "what happened to your dad?"
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
look as this gay ass fool
We are hearing from Margaret, who survived Bergen-Belsen and Melvin, who served in the American Field Service.
no ego here, well maybe a little
I think the space between my seat and center con has a gravitational force that sucks anything in my lap in it. I hate that space.
Thanks! I love Hollywood Studios!
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
The more I think of you, the more I want you! Lol
No offense, but doesn't let me raid his comic collection.
half of that is veryy false
Dan Dickerson + Dan Petry >>> Dan Dickerson + Jim Price. Such an upgrade!!
what a tune
Vandy grads are not good sources for unbiased football discussion RE UT : is as bad as
crossfit belltown. I love that place
That awkward moment when you forget the anal beads at home
I just want to get this over
and the #UHsb team wins their opening game as they defeat #SJSU 5-1. they now await the winner of BYU/LaTech
Cubs drop the Cards.... Great ending. Now let's go
Got to do something!!!
Sad Story, NASCAR on Fox host Chris Myers' 19-yr.-old son died in a car ax.
Happy birthday big fella
Oh there it is! Lol
The Fatboy doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
Beer. Wings. Brewers. Pizza.
It's Natl Apple Pie Day! The most common toppings for apple pie are vanilla ice cream (a la mode) and cheese (American cheese or cheddar).
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
Hope you guys are having a great weekend!
Almost the Weekend! What're your plans? Bring the crew in for some quality time at U-Swirl! Costume Contest on the 30, don't forget. PRIZES!
yeah me too
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
sometimes it's easy to forget that certain people exist
#prayforreysa oh God i wish she will be fine O:)
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
Now all we need is a first home-run.
Real talk: forget the PJ, we are gonna land the Chopper right on top of the "condo" helipad.
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
I know that you probably hear this a lot (sorry!) but I really like your nose! :)
I know! Wtf
I know
RT #thankfulfor: this absolutely gorgeous day to drive back to Chicago with my grammy. Happy Sunday, happy May everyone!
That awkward moment when disses Selena Gomez and her music... hahahaha :P
Still, 10% is hefty on larger traffic sites. I think they are pushing toward becoming a "content delivery service" :)
Good afternoon Wicked Tweeters, we're anxiously waiting for the fall weather to kick in! Are you?
The Critic Surveys are consistently making my week.
That's why Mississippi is glad there is a Kentucky when school ratings come out.
what do u mean
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
Writing papers today is only being accomplished with the Totally 80s album playing on repeat
Andrew Bynum's starting to look like a crackhead. What's wrong with him? Smh
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
It's not apathy...I'm just done microwaving TV dinners for a living :)
modem should be stable now, let me know if any change please.
crossfit belltown. I love that place
Q1) #AngryBirds fosters critical thinking. If an projected angle doesn't work, adjust your aim. Learn by mistakes.
Just taped singing reel. Posting soon. What song did I choose?
IBM. It's kinda old.
Seemed like everyone at that bar last night was auditioning for the new season of jersey shore... made my fuckin night
there's always going to someone there for you when you need that somebody to tell you it'll be okay.
Ha Woke Up Watching South Park
the mall is a good place to go and check yourself to see how you're doing in life haha but don't talk ish on the food court
Always happy to tweet great content. Keep 'em coming!
All I want for Xmas is a new podcast to help get through a dead day at work tomorrow.
hey brian!! its my friends birthday today, you should tweet her! her twitter is <3
The most unselfish thing you can do is to live life in such a way that it has an influence even beyond your time on earth.
i had a dream that i got a pick up truck last night. when i woke up to find my mini van in the drive way i went back to sleep
Candice has been getting ready for a damn hour now & I gotta meet with my advisor before 5:15 
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
No need to call names and issue death threats!!!
" " When boys let you rest your head on their chest. ""
What I want for myself, I truly do want for everybody.
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
lol. have you been buying baby powder on amazon?
is he okay? I'm so sorry :( that is a really horrific way to start the year off
lol it kind of does
100 more followers till 2K, I love my followers you're all the best<3
Slowly -- finally -- 76ers learning how to win in the clutch
For those just tuning into the #culturalmuseums event, Dwane Starlin is onstage enacting Joseph Henry, 1st Secretary of the
Lol! Have I been summonsed?
#np "Otherside" -Red Hot Chili Peppers
RT : I wish my anxiety would stop getting the best of me.
Happy Halloween Twitter Friends! Boo!
Ambisextrous: Having the ability to masturbate successfully with both hands.
Intensive curriculum accelerated education pace so that students could graduate in 3 years to commence national service
Holy motherf'n crap--Final Destination 5 rocked my socks. Go! See! NOW!
i got the hang of it now, i love it!
Today is May 4th and we live to serve another day!
Happy Easter! :0)
How much does the hate #RonPaul & his nutjob followers?? By sending $$ to a side operation than to #NV #GOP to keep it away from them!!
It's Friday!
our future is in or hands
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
Pres is a hot mess!!
Have you switched departments for real? Congratulations! Your discussion this afternoon reminded me of an idea I had. Some +
You got it buddy
RT : M, crunch, crunch...stopped by for peanut butter choc toffee & got sea salt too! Yum...
RT from Iran - Support for Mousavi in Tabriz is very high - many protests -
omfg #imagine a son like you, in love already <3
#inmiddelschool I would get suspended if I didn't wear the uniform
Like really
AT UNLVino at Bally's!! Lotsa wine and chicks!
you promised me the moon and stars..
yes Pirates start this friday .
I Anit Been Tweetin Like I Do.
ARE YOU A JUICER OR THINKING ABOUT IT? Then read this....
Windows are open and for the cats this is the MOST EXCITING DAY.
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;)
:D <--- Really what my face looks like right now!
The ability to make a decision, act on that decision and keep to it is fundamental for a business person to be successful.
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
If you haven't seen the #FortWayne Civic's production of The Farnsworth Invention, you are missing out on an excellent performance!
I bet Daddy's gonna get about 20 more questions about his Harley being for sale during this yard sale.
IDK if you mean - AMIA - is full of hot air :) Good ideas too, but a lot of ranting. It's the most *interesting* listserv I've seen, anyway!
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
55% Off Margaritas at Casa De Lara in Madison. www.dealoria.com
Finna get on my level before the night begins
I went to "Friends With Benefits"--not the right movie. + It's pretty hard to beat my LED. guided the sweet purchase.
So I was pushing my nephew on the swing and he said, "whoa uncle Ron Ron, slow it down, where's the brakes at? Sheesh" lol too funny
Thank you, thank you, thank you to all our awesome #THATCamp Games attendees! You made this unconference awesome.
And I can't even explain it.... Damn.
Kindly toss #Kony into the turbine or drop a photovoltaic on him RT Bringing renewable energy to Africa
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
I think the answer is that ktru is, and has always been, BOTH a student activity and a community service.
My bed has never felt this comfortable #goodnight 
It's kinda a Chicago staple so you should check it out. Andy's jazz is another good spot.
RT : A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you #love yourself. Josh Billings
I'm making my mom read The Hunger Games before we go see it tomorrow
make sure you get STREET addresses if you think you may ever want to map your custmr/clt data
Looks pretty awesome, but not a good representation because it's not a full house + standing room!
In the ongoing effort to get Chicagoans to see more live local music, classify at this Thursday as a MUST SEE
Worst day:(
Heading to 19 Below for some good old fashion Art Direction.
i could really go for some steak, mashed potatoes, & steamed veggies right now.
California fire starter caught !!! I'm glad my car wasn't there!
your like my favorite movie, I play it then rewind it cause baby your the finest yea you love im going to find it. <3
I LOVE LIFE<3
It's national chocolate chip day. What park has the best product made with them -Brad
Went driving today and it was a success
man it's a lot of ignorant folk out here, and it feels like I deal with ALL of them on a daily basis
Why the hell is my dad texting me facts about Kentucky
oh wow! Gotta keep the ass and tits covered Wtf?! There goes keeping the kids focused! ;)
I can't take a picture cause Guzzi keeps staring at me 
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
i cant stop scratching my eyes!! there all swollen... again
you mean "tweet"ering ?
Being home alone and being able to scream out 'bitch' in a high pitch voice 
#HIMSS12 Another day with 30,000 of the best in Healthcare IT and the technology companies that serve us.
Thank you so much for the love!
we all love it :)
I must begin to plan! Who's going to #BEA next month? If you can read this, odds are I want to meet up. :)
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Do you have a stick up your ass or do you naturally walk like an 85 year old man?
aye u know rosemo700 got smoked
I love these days (:
What happens now? Do we animorph?
look as this gay ass fool
"Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck. Its all said and done, my cock's been sucked."
is in scranton
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Wondering if the player comes with the jersey for $150.00. WOW!
do you miss me yet?
is Business Development and Social Media Strategy Manager at SCT.
GO FOLLOW her mom passed away this morning and it would mean so much to her if you followed.
RT : Waving hello to , thanks for the follow!!
I do not own such a device so I have no room to talk.
My boobs are getting bigger. Great
you ride?!
LeBron is a non-factor in the playoffs... Why'd he even get XVI on his mouth piece?
I swear if Dr.Jackson can't get me in first thing in the morning... I'm going to cry.
Hairbag saved my life.
ill dm you that
hey I just met you!
Rain! Last measurable rainfall was on December 18th, and that was only .11". Should have 3 days of rain next weekend...
I cant force you to want what I want nor can I force you to want to give us a try.. So I will just back away.
dope track, i like the flow... keep pushing that raw music!!! Shalom...
who fell down the hill
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
Over 1billion smart phones by 2014 and present a huge marketing platform.
Wrong ":Alex Trebeck? ": #Whoami? Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore"
what up man! Replied to your email! dig the videos and your motto/lifestyle for sure! Let's do something!
"I'm Your Huckleberry" Love that movie and Doc Holliday is my favorite
Very nice avatar! will surely approve! RT : Have you seen my new profile pic?
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
Such a great show! Gonna miss everyone so much! Way to kill it ! Loved working with you! Hope everyone enjoyed.(:
Another double today #$$$
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
Well they are not going to allow Hamas to run freely and murder people at will - which is obviously what you want!
Hey OMAHA Beer Loving friends! This deal is TODAY ONLY! Lucky Bucket Brewing new Wheat just $2.99 a SIX PACK Go there NOW:Hy-Vee-156th/Maple
too late to join me?
Worst day:(
Have distinct poetry-writing headache & yet have written no poem.
heck yeah! Picked up 2 bottles of pinot, just for you, bday girl! RT Birthday wine date after work manana?
When your assumptions are based on perceptions derived from fear the truth becomes blurred!
Shots of Apple Cider Vinegar. Yup, she's doing it.
MJ impersonator Pete Carter is in the HOUSE TONITE!! #MoonWalk Competition starting soon with Jay Kru from handing out Prizes!!!
You know, cuz "sexy time" should always include a homicide.
I stand by my earlier reply. The final score will be 14-0.
Whatever im listening to its funny asL
is he okay? I'm so sorry :( that is a really horrific way to start the year off
17 more days till Prom:) Can't Wait!
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
Soccer: Prem: Spurs lose, Toon capitalise, Blues held Tottenham's push for a Champions League place next season is on the ropes after th
Happy Birthday!! I'm going to make sure I tell you this everywhere I can!
I don't think i ever wear a shirt when its summer.
Nobody wantz 2 sit @ home on a Saturday nite!!!
good morning wow that's cool Ty
And 2nd forward for Jeff Saturday thanks for the help when we had the nfl lockout :) trying too get the nfl back up and running
Wished I could be going to Fayetteville tomorrow for the game :(
aww that's the best way to wake up! Have you gone to the dr about your migraines?
hahaha love to see that you are doing better already!!!! the show was amazing last night really wish yall could have played NZT
Heard ya girly RT : Text me,ASAP
but rather... "Soft and GREEN"...
HA right. I just need a cover page or similar.
their extra storage is "magical".
ihate when iget high in the MIDDLE of the blunt.
Got to do something!!!
Oh the things you do for #love...#loveisgrand <3
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
NUTELLA. M. I LOVE THAT SHIT. M.
You will have to let me know next time you are up for #cocktails at #mgmgrand! We have great drinks for you to choose from!!
Blah. So very blah. So very bored.
Check out the local nobodies AP free download ....www.frankieflowers2.com
Thanks for liking my page Margo! :-)
3rd & Final Question for the day:Yelena Andreyevna, who was once played by Laura Linney, is a character from what Chekhov drama?
ihate when iget high in the MIDDLE of the blunt.
what's next?
So glad you enjoyed! Try anything new this time? RT : So much fun with my loves at Happy Saturday! xo
Scarf --> scarves. By that logic it should be smurf --> smurves. #smurfs #logic #besmurfinglogicalaboutthis - Sarah K.
i love you so much
hope u watched it at a comparable mi msu bar
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?"
We wanna thank yall for all the love !!! Yall motivate us to work hard !! <3 <3 - Zaona
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
What does Social Media mean to you???
Arizona Rattlers identity development underway. OHA to redesign biz cards, letterhead, envelopes and much more.
I was riding roller coasters all day and I have a really bad head ache. sorry I haven't tweeted all day! night guys.
send it to my email, u have it.
I like the green myself, or black.
So What Have You Been Up To ?
Tnight on 10, If you didn't get to go to the Inaugural Ball for Gov. Branstad, we take you inside the festivities, plus the wknd forecast
Can people even see my posts??
Tomorrows #MOTHERDAY gotta lover your mothers , you'll never get another !
So by some some divine intervention the Red Sox have worse luck then the Royals.....
Thank you! Love my flowers!
#Geospatial is a key feature of #MarkLogic that was important to Raytheon.
Hey, Congrats on promotion to Senior Lecturer! You are a domain name rights & trademark law god.
The judges on American Idol obviously need some hearing aids.
what about a shoutout to all your amazing fans? :)
Thanks to all the chefs today...You were all fabulous!
Don't worry, as his wife I know that is the worst speller ever. He's a #twitterthug lol. Go Bucks!
Divide & Conquer! Way to bring the state together. Great leadership!!
Lil nig was talkin noise. . .so I had to shut him up
I'm not sure if it's allergies or what, but I'm feeling stuffy!! 
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
The nation's capital is bored of Stewart and Colbert. Bring ur tour here now! Please.
you best be watching the beginning of Wisconsin's domination!
Soft suspension. World Peace has been suspended for seven games without pay for striking the Thunder's James Harden's head with his elbow
Her: Yeah but i like this song & i wanna burn her. Me: Stop ! D'; Her: >:)
the swagger dont stop - lil wayne
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
can't wait! See ya in San Fran!
yep...then rinse and repeat, lol
- SO Pumped doll! Thanks for the RT! Xox
Yoga and tech explosion are intrinsically linked through creativity
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
aha thanks guys.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Counting down the days!
..idk im like blah idc if fb bought freakin youtube its still youtube!!
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
Sticking to the g code fuck one of these stank hoes
I know at least 3 people who went to Melbourne last week. Did you go for the convention?
mama needs some 'me time.'
at LAX, about to fly to Dallas...
Hi. Can you follow me?
Find database of #ThomasJefferson'sSlaves with notes and sources from his "Farm Book" on Ancestry.com. Just uploaded on 9/1/10.
Craving Italian tonight at ! YUM! Thinking about doing the 3-course #Thanksgiving dinner next week...
thanks for watching!
So I've had a crush on forever and ever, and I just found out we have the same birthday. Like, twinsies style. Hm.
Awesome talk w/ van driver re: Branson, MO.
Staring at the ceiling because I can't sleep. Bleh.
Thanks for coming out to the September Dislocations, a part of the Acts of Enclosure series. New event in November. Stay tuned.
Helping start a new, old business. Vintage amplifier repair. Kinda refreshing dealing with old tech.
Well i dont post the terrible ones! For every 100 pics taken, 2 or 3 turn out well. But thank you; that's very kind :)
I am so glad someone thinks that other than me!
ZOMG TV equals mega #dramz! And I'm just watching a cooking show
will try to make it! Good to see you and good luck with your other sessions.
Highlight reel - Here we come!!
wa i miss you.
how many times am i gonna tell you not to leave your twitter up hahaha signed
Has the best support system ever! Thank you and
If you're high, we will fly! Now delivering 505-232-2432.
...some really big hands ...lol
I honestly don't think you will have any problem winning the Shorty awards <21 :D
Worst day:(
"I hate it when someone changes just because they've met someone new."
Thanks ! - let us know how we can serve you?
Hey, #HermanCain: Obama never hired a slander lawyer. Is this supposed to be "presidential"? Pussy.
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
what do u mean
wish you could have joined us!!!!
If a flower can grow out of a dark moment....so can I!
rack city, niggas in paris, dance ass
Catering Holiday Events www.patrickscatering.com
todays been a little rough..
Yeah I am in class until 7.
Never noticed this before, but raw pizza dough and freshly painted rooms have a very similar smell.
Wally Boston now speaking in
#confessiontime and a #reality check, shit happens.let it be.move on
The Michigan Difference
SPOILER ALERT! RT : Dawg, Debra Messing is on #Today today?! WHY IS THE WORLD AGAINST ME?!
Do people really care about who "wins" the #Bachelor?
aaahhh but what if I do & I'm still singing the same song?
Yes, most definitely keep at it!
MATURE TREES: It is important not to disrupt the root system that has been established by the tree.
I'm working on coming to terms with the fact that, what society deems "comfortable" i call borderline frigid.
So I'm like 80 percent sure some dude named Issac stole my laptop... crazy shit.
Let's keep the eye on the ball and focus on real issues that actually affect the people.
Oh hey all, I have FREE ads & social media promotions on and Get your brand known in NOLA! Who wants one?!
Thanks for following Everybody Deserves Music! We wish you success on your projects : )
": Jesus disproved this whole 'YOLO' thing, so let's all quit saying it. #fratproblems" Amen
LasVegasFirefighters' high survival rate of heart attack victims not permanently incapacitated saves lives and lessens government burden.
This has been a great March Madness minus my gambling...
main u lame as hell if u dont know about da mayweather fight
lol what a wonderful story brea, thanks!
Nope, datasets should only come in tweed
At a talk with and
RT if you miss the single Justin, but are happy with the Justin we have now. :)
Hoping still a little magic left in this sports day for the
RT : Finally after two long years, #Beyonce has her new single out!!!
I expect you to do some serious ass kicking and name taking on yer final exams. :)
no problem!! hahahaha
oh no!!! Where are you?
You know you're a badass when you can make #Finland look like a great place to visit! Touch
Is he going to tell me to go around my house and turn off the lights?
drinks sun or mon together??
Do it!!! It's awesome hahaha
you're so welcome!! :)
#hth2012 Frank: his own life spent chasing paper and making paper. I really like the historical anecdotes, showing deep roots of cur efforts
Aw no. More craziness to ensue. Haha. What's the craziest/weirdest thing you've eaten so far?
Drops it D: fuck u Crane machine >:(
hurry up and get your homework done so we can actually talk!
Me and Cody broke up
The Heat's win over the Knicks will be appal-lin!
Does a Cat have Buddha Nature.....MEW!
RT : #PellFuture-NAICU Sarah Flanagan: economic downturn only exacerbated this; this is not a new problem
I love and miss so much!:) please come back i need one last hug from you!:)
Anyone else been told they were a bigger embarrassment to the Buffalo Bills than OJ Simpson and Timothy McVeigh? Didn't think so...
Hey, editors: dust off those "Austin Powers" headline variations!
Lol every kid cusses around there friends no kid cusses around there parents
I'm really good at detecting subtweets about me.
I'll make you glad you came
The daily renewing of your mind with God's Word is something that should not be overlooked. It paves the way for His Spirit to dwell in you.
Twitter is the new bathroom reading material
3 hours till my birthday!!!!! =)
I've been craving opera lately. Maybe next summer I'll make it to Santa Fe
I wish all yall were like she was
happy Friday my friend.
Attention all fans! Forward is on live right now with talking hockey
What a beautiful day it is. It's a great day to get better!
I don't think so
Failure happens all the time. It happens every day in practice. What makes you better is how you react to it.
Here. We. Go. 30 Mountain Climbers, 30-second Planks. Stomach tight, straight back and make it happen!!
I only took issue with the Barmes signing. The rest was to be expected.
very beautiful video. Thanks for sharing your work and your adventures :-)
Ponds Cold Cream
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
Very Jewish. I'm reform. He's way to the right.
My ringtone is now music from #TheHungerGames...and my notification is the mockingjay call.
"B.I.B.L.E = B: Basic I: Instructions B: Before L: Leaving E: Earth #retweet if you love God ! Remember . . . He saw you read this"
i'm fine thanks you?
Blur playing Way Out West this year? Add Pulp next week and this might be the year I turn 14 again.
Hey friends. You will NOT be able to get into our 21+ red carpet event if you don't RSVP. Please RSVP to thanks!
(cont) applied for you, if you like. our phone agents do not have access to web only offers, unfortunately.
yup btw did you see the Avengers yet? :)
mama needs some 'me time.'
sitcoms, dramas and educational programs are all dead. Start a reality show. Networks will buy any crappy reality show idea.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Heart Racing Like A Nascar Time To Show The World Who You Are So Take That Mask Off
1st day vegan. I like almond milk, just wish I could see the little fingers that milk all those almonds!!
Everyone Go Listen/Download My New Beat On Sc "The Empire" Soundclick.com/zoeonthebeat
Waiting on this good pizza though
how the young appear to say riot girl w/out irony.
i don`t remember paying for things
happy birthday my niggz finally legal
Just did stand up at lions lair, got heckled and then berated by one of the comics for making fun of the other comics.
Whew, so good to know that other people get them too. No history of Parkinson's in the fam. I'll have to ask about tremors.
I m glad that you and everyone had a great time. :)
So excited to gig with you! Maybe ?!
We shootin this weekend w/Will Gates off a Yung Chop track.... It would be a good look 4 the Chi if u show up babe! Get @ me
did you tell them to suck it
Very Cool! We'd love to hear some of them. Does he have any photos of the Needle's construction?
": lol not funny cuzin im tired n sleepy"<=slap dat hoe when she get there!
I'm glad the radio could bring us together :)
yeah I read that one. It's an interesting strategy. I may join the select program soon myself
their extra storage is "magical".
Thanks, Rob!
My science teacher fucked up my perfect grades by giving me a C . DUMB AS !
plz follow me i love u with all my heart <3
I could never be as mad as you are about this, but I'm trying. You have my sympathies and my $ every time. even if it was on VHS
Someone drive me to ny Friday after bamboozle?
Haven't gotten mine yet, but I'll be voting YES!
Can't stop players and their friends/family from tweeting draft info before networks announce it.
snitches end up in ditches cuz they are sorry ass bitches"
Constantly hearing the sucking sound of a vacuum coming out of my wallet.
Wrong ":Alex Trebeck? ": #Whoami? Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore"
Could someone in room at #kodm check audio levels or move mic closer?
Mystical horses, phantom riders, and tortured souls. Episode 34 of the Ancient Art Podcast is sure to be spooktacular! Coming soon...
What a slow race. Anti-climactic start to my season but still better than no racing!!
When there is 1 word for luv n a million definitions, it is any wonder that most everyone is still searching 4 the right kind of luv?- kiera
One generation ago men worked no more than 40 hours a week and could support a whole family with one income.
RT Wow old school at noon is killin it
half of that is veryy false
#hazing. (I still do and it still makes me break out in a cold sweat.)
where are you in the lib?
Saturday lunch with at Haveli. Yay Indian buffets!
I also used to believe in calories in calories out so I would starve myself to lose weight-which never lasted very long
RT : Program will allow San Diegans to make donations to help homeless get off the streets in time for the holidays...
Georgia State. This place crackles with energy.
If I'm a Liverpool fan I'm actually furious this team didn't show up in the 1st half on Saturday.
it's "the quiet". I don't need you anymore
I love my job! Just finished facilitating a successful strategic action planning and assessment process with a regional organization.
Pumped to go see Paramore, and Chiodos next week :)
an angry woman can do better research than the FBI.
Follow organization!
